You saw the straightforward spot on doing it.
I think so.
Okay.
Are we live?
Yep.
Well, good morning.
Are they here yet?
Yeah, there it is.
Yep.
They say we're here.
We've got nine.
Well, thank you all for joining us today.
Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us.
You know, I have some things on my heart to pray about tonight.
It's important.
You know, we see all the things in the news already about the attacks that we saw in Minnesota today.
The man tried to hurt the people in the church, but the Lord protected every single one of them.
And that's exactly what we're expecting: for God to show up and intervene like that.
When that man—I don't know, I guess they hit him with a truck and all that, and then the security guy.
That's why the Lord—remember, I had you all, I said you must pray about security over your churches in the days ahead.
And there's a lot of people that come against that, but I'm telling you what the spirit of the Lord said: pray for security in your churches.
And some people can't afford that, but there are some people that can.
And so that is what the Lord was showing me, and there will be more of this.
And that was with the man that I saw.
Most people say, "Well, he lives in America now.
This powerful, you know, he has a lot of finances.
" This guy coming against, trying to bring chaos in the spirit realm about mass shootings in churches.
And then I saw the one in Denver, and I warned you all in the days ahead there.
I saw a man dressed up in military garb, and he had a bulletproof-looking vest on, and he had a ballistic-looking helmet.
He had a helmet on, and he walked into the crowd, and he started mowing people down with an AR-15.
And the Lord said, "These things like this, you take your authority and stop these attacks that are planned by the enemy.
" And it was that place, and I saw some other place.
I'm trying to remember.
I see so much, you all, that I have my son and my wife—they have to take notes and help me because I said, "Lord," because He downloads to me all the time.
It was like today.
I mean, it's like an open heaven, and I just sit there and just listen, talking to the Father, and He's talking, saying, "Brandon, it's time for My body—for Me to talk to you shouldn't be abnormal.
I want to talk to My body all the time.
If you're plugged into the electrical socket, you're going to get power, right?
" So, we're plugged into the Word, we're plugged into Him, and we're hearing Him on a day-to-day basis.
Are people coming, praying over churches?
Yeah.
So, we have some people.
I just want to make sure people are seeing it.
I know people are watching the Thunder game, so I didn't want to interrupt it, but I just feel an urgency to pray.
And so, I thought, "Well, I'm sorry to disrupt your Thunder game, but we have some business to take care of in the spirit realm concerning the days ahead.
" And it's very serious that the body of Christ does this together.
I usually just do a video right now, but I feel we're changing things when we're praying as a group, and we're just plowing over the enemy.
So, what I feel an urgency about right now is still the churches in the days ahead, praying over megachurches, places of worship for mass shootings and things like that.
Praying for protection over our leaders.
And I told you all I saw—you know, and I've tried not to always rehearse this—but I saw a mega-preacher in Texas, and I told you to pray for that man, and I said to pray over the preacher in Tampa, and to pray over the person in North Carolina.
The Lord gives me certain megachurches that were targets, and the Lord said, "Pray over this," but it's more than that.
So we look, and right now we have the one in Minnesota, and I didn't even know what that church—I don't even know what denomination it was, but it doesn't matter, folks.
Do you understand the enemy's coming after everybody he can?
And so that's why we raise up our voices and pray in the Holy Ghost and put a bloodline around our buildings.
You need to plead the blood over your church, going around taking your authority and taking it over your children when they go back to school in the fall, praying a hedge of protection over what belongs to us.
That no weapon formed against you is going to prosper.
And it is important that you do this not just one time.
"Well, we did it one time.
Well, you know, we talked about it.
What did we—we did that about a month ago.
" No, this is something that you do repetitively all the time.
Every day you wake up and you take that seat of authority according to Ephesians.
You need to read Ephesians, go over Ephesians talking about how we're seated with Him in the heavenlies, and you take that place of authority every single day.
I do not let one day go by without pleading the blood, taking communion, seeking Him daily.
This has become—I don't want to say it's a routine, but it is like brushing your teeth, combing your hair (whatever, if you have hair, not like me)—doing this every day.
And when your kids get ready to go back to school, if they're in public school, go around pleading the blood over things, saying, "Father, as my child is in that building, I put a bloodline.
We put angels around this building.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You said that You send Your angels to keep charge over us, and they will bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against the stone.
" I believe, Father, that those angels are protecting my babies.
You must use your authority in the days ahead.
"Well, we're going to go to the high school football game, we're going to go to the college game, we're going to—" no, no.
I plead the blood.
I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus is covering my children, covering us as we go to these sporting events or whatever you plan on doing.
"We're going to go to a Major League game or whatever.
" We thank You, Lord.
The angels go with me everywhere I go.
You know, I see these posts on Facebook.
They'll say, "The angel...
"—you know, the man's there, and these demons are there trying to mess with them, and the angels come in and start beating up on the demon.
And I said, "Well, I have to disagree with that post a little bit because my angels never leave.
They're always there, and they're always ready to defend me.
I'm not having to call them down to help me out because they're already there.
" Yes, with their swords and their shields ready, and they're up there going, "Man, I'm ready to bust some devil in the head.
" They come around here and they're going, "Well, my angels are far off in the distant future.
" Because that post was like, "Hey, that guy was praying, these devils are there.
" I don't know if anybody saw that, but they're all there, and these devils are there, and they're growling in the background.
You could see them, and the guy's in the bed, and he's praying, and all of a sudden the angels show up, and I was like, "No, no, no, no.
My angels never leave.
My angels are always on guard.
" I've got some big ones.
I always say his name is Big George.
I've always named him because he's never told me his name.
And so people go, "Why do you call him Big George?
" Because I said, "I don't know, it just felt like such an old country name.
" So I named my angel Big George.
And people don't like that, but that's my angel.
I call him what I want to.
And so Big George is always here, ready to protect me.
I've seen him multiple times, and he's a big old guy.
He's a big old sausage-fingers and big hands.
And it's amazing, you know, the things the Lord will allow me to see.
I've told you all, He'll even allow me to see when they're protecting me.
When I'm pumping gas and I'm in a sketchy neighborhood, the angels are there, and I see him there, and I'm—you know, you don't want to be fearful, but you're always on alert, looking around like, "Oh man, I'm in a bad neighborhood.
" And then there's Big George sitting there, standing there, and he's watching out.
He's always at attention, watching over me.
And I say, "Thank you, Father, for your angels.
We need to utilize them more and more in the days ahead.
" Angels unaware.
I believe that God gives his angels to protect us, and I always say, "Father, I commission my angels.
Father, I thank you that the angels are protecting us.
Thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
" And people, we forget about it.
It's the unseen realm.
You know, people don't always use that.
"Oh well, you know, the unseen realm, whatever.
" No, no, no.
I believe that every one of us has angels that watch over us.
Believers, believing believers, I believe they're watching.
Angels are watching over your children; they're watching over you.
And it's time we become more strong about doing that, not sitting back going, "Well, you know, every once in a while.
" No, I do it every day, every day, all the time.
Even when I'm driving: "Angels, protect us as we drive.
Father, I cover us with the mighty name of Jesus over our house, over our car as we drive down the highway, over our tires, over everything, that, Father, we make it there safe and we make it back safe, and that, Father, we are always covered by your blood and your angels are watching over us.
" And that's what you're going to have to do in the days ahead more and more.
That's what Psalm 91 even talks about, that he gives his angels charge over us.
So, I'm trying to give you some encouragement today that we're not going to be afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
We're not going to be afraid of those things because Jesus Christ has sent his angels to protect us, and he has given his word that we could use it as a weapon.
It's our sword.
And so, that's what we're going to do.
And yeah, I see these things and what the Lord shows me is coming.
But I'm telling you folks, the believers, us, the people that are watching this broadcast, I believe we have a special covering.
And I said I'm not participating in mass casualties.
We're not going to participate in a financial disaster.
We're always going to be above and not beneath.
We're going to go through and not go under.
I don't know about you, ladies and gentlemen, but I know that God is able to protect me, and he's an ever-present help in a time of need, and he's going to watch over us.
And so I try to encourage you.
Yeah, these volcanoes I've seen erupting.
I've seen earthquakes in diverse places.
I've seen major storms, mega-major hurricanes in the days ahead.
I saw a great hurricane coming, and I saw it being seeded, and I saw the eyewall was so tight and it was very, very strong, kind of like the one that hit Florida and went up through North Carolina and caused all that damage.
I'm talking about a major hurricane coming, and the Lord said, "Poke the eyewall out.
" Don't pray for it to go to Fort Myers or to Tampa or to Destin or whatever.
When we take authority over it, we poke the eyewall out.
Make it fall apart, Lord.
Because, you know, I always see believers when they're praying in that area: "Oh, go this way.
Go that way.
No, no, no, go down here.
Don't go down here.
" But what we need to do is use our faith and say, "Father, you weaken that thing.
It's a tropical storm now, or a depression, or whatever.
We're not going to have a major hurricane this year.
" That's the kind of authority.
"As he is, so are we in this world.
" That's what the Bible says.
Now, people would argue with that all the time, but that's what the Bible says: "As he is, so are we in this world.
" And if Jesus could do it, he gave us the authority to do it also.
Why?
Because he dwells on the inside of me.
And I believe we can pray over the storms and tell them, "Peace, be still," just like Jesus did in that boat.
He was resting, and the disciples were freaking out, but he wasn't.
He was asleep.
So there was a peace there.
And when you have that inward peace, that peace that passes all understanding, that's why I say we've got to follow our peace in everything we do.
If it costs you your peace, it's too expensive.
Yes.
But I say that's why you follow your peace.
And people, you know, that's why I say I don't make a big decision until I have peace.
We talk about it all the time.
If it's financial, say if it's buying a car or maybe a house or a job offer or whatever, you follow your peace.
And if you don't have peace, don't do it, because that Prince of Peace is dwelling on the inside of you.
And if you have that inward check, and that's the Holy Spirit scratching you saying, "Don't do that.
You're making a bad choice right now.
You're about to make a really dumb choice.
Don't do that," and you go, "Well, you know, hon" — so I told her, I said, "You know, I just don't feel peace about going to that place.
I don't feel peace about going to that vacation spot or whatever.
Let's follow the voice of the Lord.
" And that's why I say I always inquire of the Lord in everything I do.
No matter where I go, I say, "Is it meant for me to go there today?
" And I believe as the day approaches and it gets darker and darker like I've told you is coming, we always ask him every morning.
Father, I thank you, Lord, because the people on 9/11, there were a lot of people that were supposed to be there and they didn't show up that day.
But are they the ones that inquired of the Lord?
"Father, I don't feel that peace today.
" We heard a story by Brother Hagin, and he was talking about one of his members, that the pastors were praying over some of the members and they said, "I feel something really bad.
We need to pray.
" And they knew five members were out on vacation, so they kept interceding all night long.
And I want to make this short for y'all because I know you have things you've got to do, but I feel I'm supposed to tell you this.
They started praying and they interceded for hours, and they still couldn't get a release, and they thought, "Man, something's really wrong still.
" And so these two prayer warriors, the pastors of the church, kept praying for their members of the church.
Well, they stopped after three or four times of getting up in the middle of the night, kept praying.
He said, "Well, whoever this is, Lord, let them have a dream.
Let them have a dream and tell them in their dream whatever the caution is, what we're feeling and we're interceding.
" So the next day, their children's church worker, one of the people there over the children's church, went to the job site.
And he told the guy, because the guy that was normally there didn't come in to work that day, and he said, "Hey, why don't you go...
" — there was an oil rig — and he told him, he said, "I want you to go up there and help out with this lift or whatever.
You do it instead.
" And he said, "Last night, I had a dream, and in the dream I saw that wire right there break free, and it cut my head off and it fell to the ground.
So, I don't feel peace about going up there.
" And so he told the guy, "I'm sorry, I can't do it.
" Well, the other guy, who was from the church across town that did not believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost and didn't believe all this stuff, he said, "I'm not superstitious.
I'll go up there and do the job.
" So he ran up the side of that thing, and five minutes into it, the wire snapped and cut that man's head off, and it bumped that guy who was praying in the spirit in his back.
So it was a leading of the Lord trying to warn them that there was something wrong with it, but he went with his peace.
Now the other guy didn't believe anything, and, you know, things happened with Christians, but one prayed in tongues.
Yeah, one prayed in tongues, one prayed in the spirit.
Sometimes we don't know what we're supposed to be praying, right?
What is this that I feel?
What is this caution?
And so when praying in tongues, you have the gift of praying in tongues.
And that's what we pray in the spirit all the time.
Diana and I pray in the spirit all the time.
And not saying that one's better than the other, but one's tapped into the spirit realm a little bit more than the other, you know, and that's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
Being baptized in the Holy Ghost, but I felt an urgency following that peace because the other man followed the peace, and the other man didn't know peace.
He's not here anymore, of course.
And the other guy, he was a teaching superintendent.
He was over the children's ministry, and his life was spared.
But if the boss would have listened to him and said, 'You know what?
We should probably check that wire then,' you know, we probably should check that wire, he would have found out that there was something wrong with it.
But just follow it.
What I'm trying to tell you is don't—the reason I brought all that up is don't ignore the peace.
Follow it in the days ahead, and it will keep you and protect you.
You must follow the peace of God.
And when we go through all these things that are coming, I pray, 'Father, I'm always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you've asked me to do for that day, and I will not miss it because you said that your children will hear your voice, a strange voice they will not follow.
' And that's what I expect from it.
I expect to hear you, Father.
I expect when people say, 'Well, I don't hear God like you, Brandon.
I don't hear God like you, Diana.
' Yes, you do.
You know what?
It didn't come overnight.
It comes by practice.
It comes by—'faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
' But hearing his voice, too, comes by deliberately trying.
And I say, 'Lord, I'm practicing your presence today.
' I'm not saying I have it right all the time, but you know, as you grow, you get better at something.
It's like riding a bike, walking, or whatever.
Like a child, you keep falling, but you keep getting yourself back up.
And people say, 'Well, you know, I'm embarrassed to say that or that.
' No, no, no, folks.
I've missed it a lot in the past.
But you know what happens?
The more you practice, the more you stand, the more you read his word, you're going to get better and better at it.
And I say, 'Lord, I thank you.
Man, that was embarrassing.
' Well, that's all right.
I pick myself up, brush yourself off, and just keep walking it out.
Nobody's perfect, and nobody's going to get it right 99.
9% of the time, 100% of the time, whatever.
I'm just saying that's how you practice.
You practice the voice and hearing the voice of God by his word, getting in the word, listening to him, and you say, 'Lord,' you may say, 'Well, I'm just going to keep doing it.
' That's how you get good at it.
How does a professional basketball player become the best and become MVP?
Practice, practice.
It's the same with football and everything else.
I'm just comparing it to sports because that's what you maybe can relate with.
A race car driver gets to be the best because he practices.
And as you practice, you become, like I said, a champion.
The only way you're going to become a champion is if you become good at the fundamentals.
You have to become good at the fundamentals first so that you hear the voice of God.
And the fundamentals of Christianity are going to church, reading your Bible, and praying.
And those are the fundamentals, but you go back to the ABCs.
Everybody wants to go to algebra and skip the ABCs.
But everything in Christianity is based off of the ABCs first, and that's how you keep going from glory to glory to glory.
But if you forget your fundamentals and the ABCs, you're not going to remember how to do the algebra equation.
And you're going to be looking at it going, 'Man, I don't know.
' And that's why I say if I get off track and you're going, 'Man, I feel I'm a little lost here,' go back to the basics.
What got you there in the first place?
'Well, I'm a little off today.
What's going on?
' No, it's not panic time.
It's go-back-to-the-basics time.
Because back to the basics, the ABCs, is the foundation.
And if you—the foundation is the word, and you get this beautiful book down inside of you and you don't turn away from it, and you get down and pray, that's when you're not a goose in the fog anymore, and you're all of a sudden going, 'Hey, I found my heading.
I know where I'm going now because I went back to the basics.
' But people try to make things in Christianity too complicated.
But he made it so that a child can do it.
Your five-year-old little child can have a relationship with the Lord and hear him every day.
He didn't make it where, 'Well, you know, you're not a super adult Christian, so only the people who are college Christians can hear the voice of the Lord.
' No, he made it so that a child can listen to him.
A child can live by faith.
God didn't make it hard.
We make it hard.
'Well, you know, God doesn't talk to me.
' No, he does talk to you.
I say my Father is always there, and he's willing to talk to me because why?
He loves me.
If we really, truly realized how much God loves us, if we really, truly realized how much he cares for us—and people go, 'Well, does God love me?
' Yes, yes.
He loved you so much that he gave his Son to die for you.
That's enough.
I mean, that's huge.
If he never did anything else for you, he did everything.
Even if, you know, we are always waiting for God to do something more, well, God already did it all.
We just have to receive it by faith.
And there are so many people that think, 'Well, you know, why does God not take care of these devil situations and all the things that are going on in my life?
' He said, 'It is finished.
' He doesn't have to die again for you.
He's already died once.
If he said, 'It is finished,' everything he set out to do was done.
So all you have to do is receive it by faith and say, 'I stand on the word, and I'm going to do what the Bible says I can do, and I'm going to take what the devil stole from me, and you're not going to ramrod me anymore, sucker.
You're underneath my feet.
' And that's why I try to tell y'all to get a backbone like a crowbar.
Because if you don't, the devil comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
Who are the ones he can't devour?
The ones who know who they are.
And they take their authority, and like Ephesians says, they say, 'Hey, man, you ain't robbing me.
And if you do, you're paying me back double.
You're paying me back double.
' And eventually, you'll get too expensive for the devil to mess with.
You start using your authority, and you start calling those things that be not as though they were, and you walk by faith, you start actually doing what the word of God says you can do, and you can have what the word of God says you can have.
When you start doing that, you'll be too expensive for the devil to mess with.
He's going to go, 'Man, they know who they are.
I'm going to mess with that guy over there; he doesn't know who he is.
' Because that's what the Bible says: he comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
That means he can't devour everybody.
He can only devour the people who don't know who they are.
And they go, "But he'll challenge it.
" I'm not saying he won't challenge a roaring, lying lion.
He's a liar.
He doesn't tell any truth.
He may try, but he can't.
If you stand on the Word and put that supersuit on called the Armor of God, that's your super clothes.
Everybody can get this in you.
Yes, the Word of God, but it's your super clothes.
That's what I was trying to say.
It's like you're a superhero with your super clothes on.
Most people don't want to put maybe your gospel shoes on or whatever.
Maybe you just have your helmet on, but bring your sword every once in a while, but you don't put the whole Armor of God on.
You just put a part of it.
But like I said, I want to operate in the fruits of the Spirit.
And the Lord even today is saying, "Brandon, you've got to get more foundational love.
You've got to walk it out in love.
Love never fails.
When people talk bad to you, when people treat you bad, love never fails.
" And that's something I deal with all the time, y'all.
"Well, I'm not going to talk to them today.
" No.
Lord said, "Love them.
" "I don't want to be around them today," you know, Sister So-and-So.
" "I don't want to go," you know.
But people don't want to hear that.
But that's what it takes because He abides in me and His words remain in me.
If you abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
And that's why I say, when you say, "Why don't my prayers get answered?
" it is because you're not abiding in the Word.
Pray the Word.
Find scripture that pertains to what you're believing God for, whether it's healing, deliverance, whatever you may need, find something.
And you say, "Well, I don't know how to do that.
" Google it, I don't know, find something.
And there's a list of scriptures on the Bible app that I have.
And I'll go out, whatever I'm overcoming that day, whatever I need—peace, passing understanding, whatever—and they have all of them.
And I go, "Okay, well, I'm just going to go through each one of these, and I'm just going to find the scripture, and I'm just going to meditate on that all day long by renewing your mind.
" Renew your mind by the Word of God.
Yes, finances.
Find financial scriptures.
"Father, my God will supply all my needs according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
" Well, He said He'd do it.
I believe it.
That settles it.
I'm not going to be moved by what I see anymore.
I believe it.
I receive it.
And that settles it.
Period.
And I'm going to live by faith.
Either you believe it and you're a believer, or you don't.
If you don't believe it, it's not going to come to pass.
I'm not a doubter.
I'm an overcomer.
And I believe I'm going to live by faith and not by sight.
Yes.
So that was my little thing for you today.
Now, what's the Lord telling us to pray for?
I don't know where that all came from, but you got that for free.
He said to pray over the Strait of Hormuz.
Yes, this is what I saw in the spirit.
Even the last time He said, "You must pray over this.
" I saw an uprising in that area, trying to block the oil and supplies.
And the Lord said, "I saw the United States Navy getting involved in this area.
" Now, I saw battleships.
I saw Iran being put back, scattered like roaches.
It's important that we pray over this because, remember, I told you all I saw oil going above—and this is not financial advice.
Am I telling you to buy oil stocks?
I didn't even realize you could until somebody emailed, "Well, you're giving me...
" No, I'm telling you what I saw in the spirit.
Now, it's the same thing like this man said, "You know what?
When you were talking about the Asian man, I went to Las Vegas and put all this money down on it.
" And when it didn't happen, I said, "I didn't even know there was such a thing as gambling.
" These people, I'm like, "You all need to get born again.
" This is serious.
I'm just ignorant to this stuff, folks.
I'm telling you, follow the voice of God.
So when I see the oil, I saw in the ticker—it was a ticker in front of me—I saw $200 a barrel.
"Do I need that off my face?
" "On your lips right there.
Thanks.
" "Other side.
" "This side.
Thanks.
" "No, this side.
" "Yeah, that side.
I forget.
It's like a mirror to you.
" "Mirror to God, it's live.
Okay.
Thank you, Jesus.
" "You didn't know there was such a thing.
That's what you're saying.
" "Yeah.
Thanks, Brad.
Oh, Diana.
Well, I appreciate it.
It's like saying, 'Do I have a booger in my nose?
I don't want it there either, you know.
' Well, okay, we're just real.
Where did I wind up in this thing?
So, what was...
Oh, so you just tell them what you see.
Yeah, I just tell you what I see.
So, I see about the oil and the ticker and all the things, and I saw $200, and I saw the price of gas going above $9.
And I saw in the vision it went from coast to coast, and the Lord said the average gas price in the vision when I was praying, I saw it was like $8 a gallon.
And then I saw...
and I just tell you details about it.
It kept going, and it was moving really fast in front of me.
This means it was a prolonged period of time.
It was like several weeks.
And then I kept hearing in the vision, I could hear, 'Drill, baby, drill.
' And I saw the Mediterranean.
I saw Gaza.
I saw great wealth in Gaza underneath the water.
And I saw massive amounts of gas reserves, big things.
And then I saw a number come up in front of me.
It was a ticker in front of me again.
And I could see billions of dollars coming to Israel from the ground in Gaza.
Billions, and they knew the oil is in the ground.
Well, that could come across controversial, but that's what I see.
Then I see a pipeline in America being opened up again.
I see great wealth coming through this big pipeline in America, working on this pipeline again.
And I see great wealth in the Gulf of Mexico again, lots and lots of oil.
And I saw a funding of finances with oil concerning America and the petro dollar.
And it was helping balance the budget somehow.
And then I saw crypto and this new digital stuff, and it was all being worked on.
And it was, like I said, on a thin line.
And the Lord said there has to be a foundation because it's like the Wild West right now.
But there will be regulations and foundation in the days ahead, and this will be something that will be part of the Beast system in the future.
And it just shows this is how I pray, and He just shows me stuff, and I just keep practicing His presence, and this is what He shows me, and He tells me all this stuff.
Then He tells me about, you know, and here I see again this Hormuz thing, Hormuz or whatever it is, these words.
I see all that, and then the Lord shows me that mountain in Iran that they just blew up last night that I told you I saw on Saturday.
And I said, "I see this on Saturday," but I saw them taking biological things out of that mountain, big 50-gallon drums, putting them in the back of a truck.
I can tell you where they put them, too.
And the Lord warns me of these things.
He says, "Pray for the people.
Pray for them because they use them on the people.
" And He said, "Intercede for them.
Intercede for these people, Brandon.
" And he tells me, like for Joel Osteen, and he tells me about Rodney Howard Browne.
He said, 'Pray for these men, for there's an attack.
You must pray for these men.
' And I, you know, not everybody wants to hear that kind of stuff, but I know they have security.
So I just say, 'Lord, give their security heightened alert, but I don't ever do it to be in fear and tell you, "Don't go to church that day.
"' Just like that story we just told about Pastor Goodwin, 'The Black Horse' from Kenneth Hagin, and for the church that I told you that I said all these major attacks would try to come on our churches.
Well, Minnesota happened today, and it's like, look at that, Minnesota.
Who would have ever thought, in a little looked like a Church of Christ or something?
I don't know.
But the lady was smart enough to tell the people, 'Jump, run in the back, run in the back!
' And you can hear the gunshots and everything going on.
And I'm like, praise God that the man was stopped because that had the potential to be something really, really bad.
And that's what I'm talking about, using your authority.
And the other thing, so people say, 'What did you see about the black horse?
' Yesterday in prayer, when I was praying with you all, I saw a black horse that was—it was a beautiful horse that had—it looked shiny.
It looked kind of shiny in the vision.
It looked like it had—it was like you see a horse that looks like it's sweating, kind of like the way the sheen—yeah, thanks, baby—the sheen on the horse's body, and his eyes were like black as onyx.
And then I saw a man, a demonic-looking thing sitting on this horse, that had a skeleton face and rags coming off of this thing.
He had skeleton-looking hands, skeleton everything.
But he had one hand on the...
bridle.
Is that what—what is that thing?
What is that?
Bridle?
The bridle.
He had it on the bridle and he had it next to his body.
He was holding it with his hand; he was holding it next to his body.
So I couldn't see, but he had something else in that hand, but it was close to the rags that were like linen.
They looked like linen, but they were transparent, but they were kind of glowing like a ghost—really spooky looking, the way it looked.
And he was holding a sickle in his hand, but he wasn't holding it up in the air; he was holding it down.
He had it down, pointing to the ground.
And I don't know why, but the sickle looked like it was glowing like his clothes.
So I thought that was really interesting.
But I know the black horse in tribulation, or what it talks about in Revelation, is the scales.
So the green, the chlorophyll—you know, the green-looking horse, whatever, the pale for the other one—he's the one that has a sickle, from what I understand.
And so, you know, when I'm seeing this, folks, I don't know what I'm seeing.
So I still don't, because that doesn't line up with scripture that way.
If that is the black horse, he wouldn't have a sickle in his hand.
But I'm just being real with y'all.
This is what I saw, and I don't know what I'm looking at.
And that's even what I said when I saw it in the vision.
I said, 'I don't know what this is, but I know that the Lord is warning me about something.
' And he said, 'The black horse—this black horse is about to ride.
' And I saw it on the East Coast, and it was riding throughout the land on the East Coast.
And I could see—I was up in the air in the vision—and I could see each state and how they're outlined on like a map.
And he was riding on the coastal side.
So it would go all the way down through Virginia, all the way down to Florida.
And then he started riding to South America, and he rode around in South America.
And then I saw him turn and he went through Africa.
But I didn't see him go through Asia, and I didn't see him go through the Middle East.
That's what I saw, and I thought that that was interesting.
But I paused on it because I was thinking, 'What is that?
' You know?
But I just relay what I'm seeing when I'm praying to you.
So you do with it what you want to, but it's something to pray about.
You know, I had to say, 'Lord, show me the rest of that.
Is there more to that?
' So something, you know, I just bring it to you.
What else did I tell y'all?
I said, 'Don't let me forget this because it's important.
' I was trying to take notes about all the things the Lord was showing us.
We prayed over that.
We prayed over—oh, and we prayed over President Trump.
And then Emanuel, he said, yeah, I saw Emanuel again.
I saw his face becoming different.
It started—Cuba!
Oh, and the Lord said to pray over Cuba.
And I saw mules.
I kept hearing the word 'mules' yesterday.
And I didn't know what that was, but I saw the border from Texas all the way to California.
There were many tunnels.
Let's pray for this, that the border patrol would find these people, because of the human trafficking—to pray over the human trafficking to stop, these innocent children.
You know, people are sick.
So that's what we prayed for today.
And then you saw the dead fish.
Oh, that was a big one.
Thank you, son, I really appreciate it, because there's so—like I said, after today and what all happened today in our private time, I'm trying not to bring them together.
The fish—I saw fish all over the water, and it was like when the waves—in this vision, I saw the fish, when the waves were coming in, I could see the fish rolling in with the waves, and they were floating on top of the water.
Excuse me.
But they had—see, that's why I don't drink sparkling water before I do this.
I'm sorry.
God help me.
It adds the fun element.
Well, it's—you can't, it's live.
Golly, my mind.
Okay.
So, I saw the fish on the water, and they were rolling in, and they were all dead.
And I could see it not just in one spot in California, but it was in Oregon, and it was all up the coast, fish rolling in.
And there literally looked like thousands of them in the vision—maybe I would even say hundreds of thousands.
It was a lot of fish, but there were big ones, small ones, and it was really, really creepy.
But they were a white-looking fish.
They were a white-looking fish in that they shined.
They had like a sheen.
A sheen, thank you.
And so that was that part of the vision.
So, I don't know, I just try to go over things with y'all.
I know this is probably boring, but I try to rehearse it all so we know what we're expecting, and we know things that are coming, and we pray over it together as a family.
So, I appreciate y'all being here today.
All right.
Well, I guess we'll just pray.
You want to pray with me?
We'll pray and we'll just pray over our president.
Oh, and he kept bringing up the half-circle flags.
Oh, and Macy's.
Yeah, he brought up Macy's.
And I saw the star of Macy's, and it said 'Macy's' across it.
And I saw people on the curbs, and they were celebrating, and they were out there, and that's what I thought: 'Is this Thanksgiving?
' But I saw people standing outside, but what was interesting was there were leaves on the trees, so I know it was not, because there are no leaves on the trees in November, especially in New York.
But I knew that what I was looking at was Macy's, and I saw Macy's, and the Lord pointed that out, but I did not see a department store.
I just heard the word 'Macy's' and I saw a star, and then I saw people outside.
And they had—this one man in the vision, I saw a man, and he had a white t-shirt on, and he was standing outside, and I could see like it was like a park, and I could see trees, and then I could see, of course, the sidewalk, but it looked like it was a warm day.
And so I don't know why I saw Macy's warm park warm man in a t-shirt, but I'm just telling you as I pray, I see this stuff.
But that was all I saw.
And I saw, and this is where the sun was at—I can tell you where the sun was at.
The sun was setting, and it was almost dark.
Like, you know, whenever you see in the summertime, it's like a sun, and how you can see the shadows on the trees because the sun's going down because it's setting in the west.
You can see in the east it's starting to get dark.
That's how I knew it was setting.
And that's the way it looked in the vision.
I could see, like, the shadows on stuff as the sun was shining on the man.
And so that's just, you know, I don't ever do this, y'all, but this is what I do with them.
And we go over every vision, and I think of all the little details, every detail, because every vision is so detailed, and we have lots of it of what the Lord shows.
And then the full moon.
Yes, then I saw a full moon, and I saw the moon, and it was over New York, and it was coming up.
And I could see a full moon in the sky, and I said, "Watch the moon," and I thought, "What was that about?
" And then that's whenever I kept seeing about Cuba, and I saw Russia, and I saw meetings in Russia again.
And I go into these tables, and I can see them having meetings with war cabinets.
And I don't go into what I hear them say because that is not smart.
But I see these things, and the Lord shows me, and I just keep praying over it.
And that's what I've been doing for years, folks, before I even did this YouTube thing.
Yeah, I've been doing this since I was 16 years old.
And that's how I kept going and kept going.
Oh, I saw a massive boat.
See, the Lord keeps bringing to remembrance the massive boat.
I saw a black massive boat, and the deck was completely red.
It was a red deck on this boat.
And the part that was white was where the captain was.
And I saw a black boat with a red deck with, like, piping and stuff on it, and there was a white thing.
But what was interesting was where the crew went in and out.
Why?
I don't know why I saw this, but that part of the boat was chipped paint.
And you could see the chipped paint upon the boat, the iron or whatever this boat was made out of.
I could see the chipped paint from people's shoes scuffing it.
Wow.
It was on the side of, you know, where the traffic of where they walk all the time, the paint was worn down.
And I was looking at that, and I was thinking, "That's how close you saw it.
" Yeah, that's how—yeah.
And the people were taken out in the boat.
Wow.
They were all lined up, and the people did this to them, and they were all out, and they put a thing in the belly of this boat, and they drove it into the Washington area, and they set it off.
And that's what I saw.
And so, you know, I'm probably not too smart to say all this.
My job is never to scare anybody over this, but you know, whatever, I tell you what the Lord shows me, and I pray over these things.
It's something to pray over.
It was around the Virginia area.
There was a waterway there, and I saw this boat trying to come in there.
So you do with what you want.
I pray over it, and that's what I do.
But I'm just saying there's a lot of people that are speculating over things.
I say, "Hey, listen.
I'm here to warn you.
I don't even know what a lot of these things I see.
I just keep praying over it.
It's warnings from the Spirit of the Lord to tell you that you have time to pray over it.
And it could be months in advance.
It could be days in advance.
It could be whatever.
But my job is never to come here and scare anybody.
My job is always to tell you we have power and authority to pray.
That's how we see things change, and we don't want to see this stuff.
" So the people say, "Well, Brandon, you're a prophet.
" I've never claimed to be a prophet.
Never have I ever stood behind anywhere and said, "You know, Brandon, you're a prophet of God.
" I told you I'm a watchman.
I see this stuff, and I pray.
And to get a huge YouTube following?
Who cares about all that crap?
It's all going to go away.
I really truly believe Jesus Christ is coming, and all this stuff doesn't matter, you know?
It's to get the job done, do with all I've got, and whatever it takes—being radical about it and saying, "I've sold out to Jesus, and when I get on the other side, He says, 'Well done, Brandon, you did it.
'" That's all I look for, is for Him to say, "Hey, you did it, buddy.
You did it.
Enter into My rest.
Come on.
" And if He looks at me and says, "Well, not done," or "You're done, Brandon," I want to say, "Well done.
" I want Him to be happy.
"You did okay.
" And then when you walk on the other side, He smiles at you and gives you that nod, like, "You did it.
You did it.
Good job, buddy.
" That's all it's about to me.
All this other stuff, like the Lord told me, He said, "Brandon, the praise of man will change like the wind.
They'll like you one minute, and they're going to hate you another because you're going to deliver some hard words, and people aren't going to like what you say.
You're going to tell them what I told you to say, and they're not going to like you, and they're going to want to throw eggs at you, but it'll be accurate in the end.
Just stand and say the hard things.
" And I said, "Lord, I'm Yours to use, whatever it takes.
" I said, "I'll do whatever it takes, even unto death.
Whatever You say to do, I'll do it.
I'm not my own.
I'm dead to self as a janitor for 13 years cleaning there.
And I would scrub those toilets all those days.
I scrubbed 90 toilets three to four times a week.
90 toilets.
And I'd clean all those toilets, and I'd get them all up, and we had a special event, I'd clean them even more.
And I remember sitting there praying and asking the Lord—I'd pray in the Spirit just like I'm doing right now—and I'd pray for our pastor there, and I'd pray for the church staff.
And I'd do it because they all say, "You ain't going to do ministering here.
" But I said, "Lord, I know You told me I'm supposed to do this, but they don't believe in me.
They don't want me to do it.
But I know that You've called me, and no matter what they say, I know that one day You'll do it.
" And I totally gave up on it.
And the Lord told me one day—because we were selling on eBay and Poshmark, and believing God—that's one thing, I practice His presence by asking Him where to find stuff to sell because we needed to pay our bills.
Or sports.
You know, the Lord loves sports.
And people say, "Oh, I don't believe that.
" Then you don't know Him.
He loves sports.
He loves to watch His kids play.
And people don't realize that He's a personal God that wants to get personal with you.
He loves you, and He loves to go to sports games.
Where do you think we like sports?
It comes from Him.
We're made in His image.
He likes to go to the Thunder.
Yeah.
And people go, "Oh, I don't believe that.
" It's the Pharisees that think that way, modern-day Pharisees.
You're a Pharisee.
Just like the ones that tried to shut up Jesus, you're the same Pharisees today.
They're just wearing different clothes.
Like in The Chosen, they've got the black outfits on, and they're all doing their weird stuff they do.
You're just modern-day Pharisees with Nikes on.
It's the truth.
And most people don't want to hear it, but that's what they do.
They're modern-day Pharisees.
That's why, for the longest time, I didn't want to go to church, because people are mean a lot of times in the church.
But it was because I say this: I wanted to be with Jesus.
I want the anointing.
But the people, the church, they usually had bad attitudes and I don't want to be around them.
They backstab you.
And I said, 'Lord, help me.
Help me to love on your people because I watched online a lot for a long time.
When Megan was first diagnosed with autism, we stayed at home and watched online for years, sitting there watching online because people didn't want you because Megan was so bad.
She was a distraction.
And when you have a kid flipping out in the church and everybody's turned around looking at you and she can't go to children's church because she wants to bite the workers, what do you do?
It was rough.
The Lord's brought her so far.
The Lord has brought her so far.
He is so good.
He is.
And at the time, I didn't see the way out of that.
There was no light at the end of the tunnel in those days.
It was dark.
You have a child that's just getting potty trained at 17 years old, 18 years old.
All these years we believed potty trained and she wasn't.
It took it.
We went to that Billy Burke meeting.
That's what I tried to tell y'all.
We went to Billy Burke and Billy Burke prayed for her and within a couple weeks she started getting better.
It was just one day and it was an instant thing, like an overnight thing.
She never had an accident since then.
Not even one time.
She went from peeing in her diaper all the time, all day long, to just overnight wearing underwear.
It was amazing, going pee.
And that's why everybody says, 'Why are you such a big fan of Billy Burke?
' The anointing.
Because we took her to a lot of people to get prayer.
A lot.
A lot of people.
And there was no return.
I said, 'Lord, and I'm not dependent just on them, but I depend on the anointing.
' And when you see the anointing and I recognize the anointing, I honor it and I say, 'Hey, listen.
' That's why I talk about that man so much because he was there, and his meetings aren't like huge or whatever.
They're personal.
And you walk in there and the presence of God's there.
And I'm like, everybody's missing it if you don't come to this stuff because you can get that yoke of bondage broken off your life because of the anointing.
And I'm like, 'Man, this is the best kept secret ever.
' I never knew him before that.
I went because I was just desperate and I was like, 'Mark that one off the list.
We went there.
Mark that one off the list.
' How many times do you save up your money to go on a vacation?
We went to so many of them.
I went, 'Here, that one's gone.
That one's gone.
That didn't work.
Boom.
' And okay, here's the next one, because you're just looking for change.
And when you're desperate and you've spent all you had and all the doctors are saying there's no hope, just like it was with the woman with the issue of blood, and you're thinking, 'If I can just get a touch from Jesus, I know.
' I'm just looking for authentic anointing.
I'm just looking for some authenticity.
Where's all this fakeness?
All this TV stuff, I don't care about it.
It's crap, you know, Hollywood Christian stuff.
I just want Jesus.
Because if I can just have one second with him, I'll be made whole.
If I could just have one second with the modern Jesus right now where I'm at, I know I can be whole.
And I found it at his meeting.
I found it.
And that's why I'm like, 'Man, if I could...
' You know, it's like a junkie wants the next fix.
I want another fix.
I want another part of Jesus.
I want just another touch of Jesus today.
Show me, Father.
Aren't you tired of having church and it just being another service and you walk away going, 'What was that?
' Yeah.
Why are we looking for something?
I want more.
And you scroll on YouTube trying to find because you're so hungry and you're desperate, and you find books that are impartations, you know, like this book right here, finding stuff that somebody's been there, seen it, done it, and you go, 'You know, they're not just trying to write a book to make money.
What's real and what's not?
What's really, what's authentic?
' Yeah.
I don't know.
That's why I just get tired of Christianity that's fake.
I want real.
I want a real Jesus that I can talk to.
I want a real God.
I want a real relationship.
I want real presence, real baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I don't want to play church.
I want real church.
And I get tired of sitting there and you see the preacher pass the money plate down the road or whatever in other churches we've been to and they go, 'Okay, thank you.
Bye-bye.
Have a nice day.
' And I'm like, 'Just keep it.
I want Jesus.
' And there's so many of you all that want it, too.
And that's why I told Diana, I said, 'I want the Lord to always have such a place on this channel that he can be real here.
' I want them to be refreshed when they come, that when we speak, he flows through us.
And if he's not there, I turn it off.
That's why these lives are weird for me because I'm like, 'I don't even know if I would have posted this, you know?
' It's amazing.
Well, thanks, hun.
But I don't know.
They're the ones that are receiving it.
I'm just telling you what's coming.
It's time to get real.
I can feel his presence.
Glory to God.
So, I appreciate y'all taking your Sunday night to be here.
It's a blessing for where we've come from.
We've come from a long way, and we keep standing.
And that's all I know the Christian walk is, is to keep standing when all else there is to do is to stand.
Stand therefore, and you just be real with people and not try to play like your armpits don't stink.
Everybody has issues.
Everybody has something they're believing for.
And I don't care, from whoever it is at the top, the best preacher you've ever seen, to the janitor, they all have something they're believing for, but God will come through for them all.
There's nobody any more special than the other.
You know what it is?
It's being obedient and doing what he's asked you to do time and time again.
It's like, I have more respect for the parking lot attendant than somebody that's on the platform.
They showed up and wanted to help in the heat and the cold with no recognition, no praise.
They're out there.
They're sweating.
They're cold.
They're freezing.
And they're saying, 'Come over here and park.
' And they're doing it with all their heart just because they love the Lord.
But then, my goodness, when they get to heaven, the rewards that the Lord will heap on them!
All the years when I was at the church cleaning up vomit spills and poop spills from the nurseries and doing all that, and they look at you and say, 'Man, I'm so glad I don't have to do that.
' I say, 'You know what?
But there's reward in it.
' There's something so beautiful about cleaning up throw-up on the floor for Jesus and doing it, and no praise is given to you about it, but just doing it with your whole heart and saying, 'God, if you can use this, then do it with whatever I have.
Use whatever you can.
Somebody's going to get blessed about this and somebody's going to appreciate eventually that they didn't smell throw-up when they walked down the hall.
' But it's time for people to humble themselves and stop trying to fight for the microphone.
Stop fighting for the microphone.
That's why in my church, I sit in the back.
I don't care about all that.
'You didn't give me the microphone.
' It's like, so what?
Everybody's fighting for a position.
'I got to be behind the pulpit.
I got something to say.
' Sit down.
Sit down.
You don't have nothing to say.
And maybe they do, but I'm just saying a lot of people are always trying to—they want their ego stroked, and all that's crap.
I wanted it for years.
I wanted it so bad.
Boy, I wanted that.
But I realize that he ain't in it.
It's in the still small voice, and all the ego is so dumb in church.
It is.
I said, "Man, if I could just help out the guy.
" And so I always try to do the same.
I go to the same places and eat, and talk to the people at the restaurants, and go there and try to witness to them and love on them.
Even if they're strung out on drugs or whatever, or the guy on the corner that's begging for money, I show up.
"Hey, here's a sandwich card.
" You know, if I can just show the love of God to somebody somewhere, and nobody has to know that I did it.
I don't want nobody else's praise.
That's why if you sow in secret, he'll reward you openly.
If you pray for people, if you're fasting in secret—well, you know, it's like Jesus said, "You put the sackcloth on, the ashes on their head.
" They're out there fasting, trying to show off to everybody.
What are you doing all in public?
The public platform is only for just a little bit of what everybody sees.
But the main work is whenever I get off this camera.
Cultivation.
Keeping myself vertical, not going horizontal, not worried about what y'all say about me whenever I'm on this live stream.
If you're talking trash about me, I don't know, but I'm just saying, staying vertical.
What does Jesus say about me?
What does the pastor say?
"Well, yeah, good job.
Good job.
" Who cares?
That applause only lasts for a couple of seconds.
We're looking for God's approval, not man's approval.
Yeah.
So what?
And I told you there'll be nobodies in a matter of just weeks.
There'll be like that.
God's gonna take people and promote them so fast in these days ahead.
I've said too much.
I just sit here and ramble.
I have nothing else to do.
I was going to watch the Thunder, but I see there's people here.
Oh, we have 5,100 people here.
Well, praise the Lord.
Well, thank you for joining me.
Okay, let's pray.
All right, this is serious time.
Somebody said Thunder's winning.
Are they winning?
I know.
I figured they would.
They're good.
I like the Thunder.
They're my team.
I'll be right back.
You talk to them, Diana.
Okay.
Hi, everybody.
I was reading some of the comments.
Let's see.
Yeah, Brandon.
Brandon cleaned the toilets and all that.
Yeah, he did a good job, too, because when we worked at that ministry for all those years, I counted the offerings, and the people at the church were always like, "Your husband cleans the bathrooms the best out of everybody.
" Because he always did it to the best of his ability.
So he wouldn't just get water or whatever and, you know, cut corners.
He did the very best he could.
He used bleach and cleaned it, and it always sparkled and shined, and they said, "We don't like those other janitors.
We like it when your husband does it because he makes the bathrooms smell so good.
" I do.
And when you're a girl and you're going into a bathroom, sometimes the bathrooms are disgusting.
But he always made them amazing.
Thank you.
And so I did it unto the Lord.
Yeah, I said, "If Jesus goes to the bathroom in here, what will he see when he comes in here?
" And so, being married to him over the years, like when we go anywhere, I always, if I see something on the floor, I pick it up because I know if I don't do that, somebody else will have to.
And I've trained my kids the same way.
We walk, and you go inside.
If you go even going out to eat, we always try to help clean up a little bit and put it in a pile, make it easier on the people, because I made the bathrooms in that church—if you went in there, you could eat off the floor.
I kid you not.
I scrubbed those floors, and I bleached the cracks.
I did it all.
And when you walked in there, I did it all.
I washed the walls down.
I said, "You know what?
I'm going to do whatever I can.
" It was good in there.
You didn't have to feel like you were touching something.
You didn't have to get out a paper towel before you touched the faucet.
Like, you knew it was clean.
Yeah, and I kept it that way.
Yeah, there's others there, and they worked hard, too, but I always tried to be in excellence.
I tried.
Yeah, and I wasn't saying I always had it right, but I'm telling you, I tried.
So, all right.
Well, let's pray.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
I thank you, Father, for the body.
And we thank you, Lord, that you said, "By your stripes, we're healed.
" You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
And we thank you, Lord, for that body that was broken for us.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we don't have to walk in sickness.
We don't have to walk in disease.
We don't have to walk in all the things the devil tried to throw at us because you took it all on the cross for us.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for what you did and what's already done.
It's done.
Yes.
We don't have to have it, folks.
According to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
According to Deuteronomy 28, those are all the curses.
There's a lot of curses there.
And if he's redeemed us from all those curses, that's what we take this body for.
Thank you, Lord, for redeeming us.
Hallelujah.
Lord, we thank you for the blood, and we make much of the blood.
Father, we take this blood, and we sit at your feet today.
We thank you, Lord.
If there's anything you want to show us when we pray, fine.
If not, we're not here for it anyway, for the visions.
We're here for you.
And Lord, we don't emphasize, we don't focus on the visions or what you show us, but Father, we focus on you, Jesus.
What's your heart for us today?
Is there anything you want to warn us that's coming?
If not, then we'll go on about our thing, Lord, and we'll pray again tomorrow.
But, Father, if there's something there and you want to warn us, then we humble ourselves before you.
And we thank you, Father, that we're always a clean pipeline that you get it through, Father.
We take any mess out of our pipeline, and we get it right before you, Father.
We get our heart right before you, Father.
You said you inhabit the praises of your people.
And we thank you, Lord, that we sit at your feet today.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're not outside the circle, but we're in the inner circle.
We are your children.
We're your children.
And you love us as a father that loves his children.
And we take the blood, and we apply the blood over our sin.
And we thank you, Lord.
You say if we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over us right now in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
All around our house, all around us as we pray, we cover our house in the blood.
We cover ourselves from the top all the way around the bottom.
No satanic or demonic force can come against us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us, Father.
And anything you show us, I cover my eyes in the blood.
I only see what you want me to see.
And I only hear what you want me to hear in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer in the name of Jesus.
Father, we lift up the Strait of Hormuz.
We lift up this Strait.
Father, they will not block the oil from coming around the world, and we will not have gas prices going above eight to nine dollars a gallon.
That is not you.
Father, we come against that in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that if it tries to raise its head up, Father, we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are around and about our servicemen and women on our ships all around, that this will be ended quickly and no one will lose their life.
No one.
I pray over Iraq and the bases in Iraq, Lord, over every single service member.
We pray over our men and women who are working and doing things for our nation, sacrificing their lives to help us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're protected and we put a hedge around and about them in the name of Jesus.
Father, let there be no secret drone attacks in Kuwait, Baghdad, or any other area.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of them; from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they're covered by the blood of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you give our generals, the Army, the Navy, the Marines, and our Coast Guard, all of them, supernatural eyes to see what the enemy is planning way before they plan it.
They'll know and they'll hear you even in dreams and visions.
Father, speak to them and maybe they will even entertain angels unaware.
We put angels around the camps and around the places where they are.
We plead the blood.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are around and about them.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them right now in the name of Jesus.
What the devil means for bad, God, you're going to turn it around for good.
Father, I pray over every church service right now, the churches all around America.
We plead the blood of Jesus over their congregations, from Joel Osteen to Rodney Howard-Browne to Steven Furtick to all of them.
Father, we cover these megachurches in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no weapon formed against these churches that will prosper.
They're all our brothers and sisters, Lord, and we cover them no matter if you agree with them or you don't.
Father, we don't care, we lift them up because you love them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
We lift up our brothers and sisters, that they're always in the right place at the right time, just like Trump's ear.
Father, you protected his head.
You protected his mind.
You protected him, and no bullet came near him that day.
Father, the same thing over these men of God.
We pray a hedge of protection around them, Father.
And what the devil's going to try to do for bad, you're going to turn it around for good.
We call a bloodline around the churches right now, all the churches that are represented in America, from the Gulf all the way up to the Canada border, from sea to sea.
Father, we cover our states.
Oh, the Lord said, 'It's not just about America.
This is about a world thing.
' That's what he just said to me.
He said, 'You're missing it.
' He said, 'You need to pray over Australia, too.
You need to pray over Canada and over Europe.
This is an attack that's not just about America.
' He said this is an attack that is trying to form against the Christian population around the world.
That's what he just said.
That's why...
you say, 'What is he praying in?
' That's tongues.
That's tongues, praying in tongues.
Google it.
I don't know, let's just say I don't have time to talk about it.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord for the protection over our churches.
Yep, Acts chapter 2.
Don't tell me.
He said, 'Brendon, just tell them, don't Google it.
' Acts chapter 2, that's what he just said.
'Don't Google it.
In the book by Kenneth Hagin, Why tongues?
That's what you should look up.
' I just got a little spanking for that, so that's what the Lord...
He said, 'Don't say that.
' So we pray over our churches from all around, Father, that there is a hedge of protection around them in the name of Jesus.
We cover them in the blood.
And every plot of pipe bombs all around Europe, all around France, all around these areas, we cover them in the blood.
The main thing, I see Australia very strong right now.
The Lord said over Australia right now.
Yep, it's very strong about Australia.
I see Australian highlighted in churches in California.
I'm in California right now, and I'm seeing the churches in California.
I see the shaking again.
In California, a major earthquake, a major earthquake.
This is a major earthquake, a major earthquake, and it goes clear up.
I see it go all the way through Oregon.
It goes all the way up through Oregon.
I see highways shifting.
Oh, bridges falling, bridges falling.
We break that down in the name of Jesus.
Buildings are swaying downtown.
This is in San Francisco because I just saw the hills.
I see Oakland, Sacramento, over the churches, over the people.
We thank you, Lord, for divine protection.
Oh, the plates of the earth are shaking.
The earth is shifting.
I hear the Lord say the earth is shifting.
There's pressure on the earth's crust.
This is coming from the sun.
There are things with the sun.
I see Japan today.
A great magnitude earthquake in Japan.
A great earthquake in Japan.
I see British Columbia again.
Oh, Jesus, oh, my.
Oh, Jesus, much loss of life.
Oh, Jesus, oh, Lord, it is shaking, and there is shaking.
I'm in British Columbia, and there are a lot of people who lose their lives there.
We pray.
I see the people in British Columbia.
We pray over the people of British Columbia today, over Canada.
A shaking in Canada today, a great shaking.
It goes clear up into Alaska.
That's a great shaking, a great shaking.
But the main focal point is right around Canada, around this area.
And it goes clear down into the Seattle area.
But the main epicenter area is right around British Columbia.
I see British Columbia, and I see a lot of people go home.
You're going to see shakings, great shakings in the earth in the days ahead, birthing pains, birthing pains, birthing pains.
I see volcanoes again right now.
I see a great volcano going off in Hawaii again.
I see a volcano going off again in Hawaii, but it's big, like a big thing.
The vision is coming so quickly and now...
A great shaking, a great shaking.
I'm seeing Europe right now.
I'm all in Europe right now, and I can see Europe.
I can see there's something...
I see Berlin.
It's highlighted to me, Berlin.
I'm not going to say that out loud.
We pray over Putin today.
We pray over this war today.
Not an escalation, but a deflating of this.
This thing is trying to get bigger.
I told you that spirit has been messing with him.
It's like Hitler; there is demonic influence from people.
The influence, you see, is speaking.
It is dark.
It's interesting because he just went right there, and he didn't want me to talk about it, and he went here.
I saw what he said, and then I went 'boop' and he went there.
I'm in Italy, and I see a shaking coming to Italy.
He went from this, and we prayed over a second, and he went 'boop' and went right down here.
He wanted to talk about Italy, and there's a great shaking, a volcano coming to Italy again.
I see a shaking coming to Italy, a great shaking coming to Italy, and a shaking is coming to the Catholic Church.
A shaking because I see the Pope, the Vatican.
I see a shaking in the Catholic Church.
And the Lord says, 'All hands on deck!
Every tribe, every tongue.
' His Son is about to...
Now I see India, the country.
I see a man with a white beard and dark olive skin.
He has a green-looking robe on, a green robe with a golden front, and badges on his outfit.
It is a big green gown.
What about him, Lord?
What about this man?
What about the decisions he will make?
I hear that there are decisions he will make.
He'll see it in the days ahead.
The Lord just said, 'You're going to see it in the days ahead.
Decisions will be made by this man.
You'll see him on the news.
You're going to see this thing with him; he's going to make some decisions.
But what we're praying for is the decision that he makes.
' That's what I hear: big decisions for India in the days ahead.
What we're praying for is for him to have the right mind concerning this decision.
I don't know what the decision is, but I'm just saying this is what I'm seeing so far on the surface.
Now, okay, I'm going to just say what I'm seeing.
There are decisions that will be made about Israel because of what's going on in Israel.
This is what I see in the UN: who stands and who doesn't.
Decisions for Israel, decisions that don't—this is a sheep and a goat.
Votes are coming.
I see there's something with this and the UN regarding votes.
Now, I don't know what they're going to do with a vote.
Now I'm seeing Europe and Germany.
Remember I went from Germany, and I saw this disarmament of Israel trying to come against Israel in the UN.
I'm hearing it by the Holy Ghost: a disarmament trying to come against Israel in the UN.
Backlash!
I hear the word right then.
Who will stand with Israel?
Who will stand and who won't?
Pray over that day.
I hear the words 'war crimes.
' I see Bibi's face.
War crimes.
You know who that is.
There's a blessing and there's a cursing.
Those you'll see a great blessing, and those you'll see a great cursing.
Lay open.
Praise the Lord, that's a lot there.
There's a lot of people praying.
Thank you for praying with me; I appreciate it.
It's a lot of things here to pray over.
Oh, Father, we pray for the protection over our pastors again.
We thank you, Lord, for people to rise up with a backbone like a crowbar.
Father, that they are strong, that they would preach the uncompromising word.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that they would preach repentance.
Tell them repentance, for Jesus is coming.
We pray repentance to walk with Jesus.
Oh God, he's coming.
The King is coming, and so many are asleep.
I hear him say there are so many asleep.
He's giving one last call.
A great shaking is coming.
Signs in the heavens are coming, fearful sights that will bring them to their knees.
They will see the fearful sights, and they will fall to their knees.
There's one last call, and it'll be a shaking in the churches all around the world.
A great revival is coming, but first, he is cleaning up the churches, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
It's a cleaning of the churches.
There's much sin behind the pulpits, and a purifying, a cleansing is coming.
It's happening right now as we speak.
Many people that were there will not be, and he's raising up new voices that will sound the alarm that the King is coming.
Look at the fig tree.
It's loud; it's yelling in the Middle East right now.
It's yelling to you.
Do you not see it, or have you become so dead and cold that you don't see it?
Look at the fig tree.
He says, 'Look at the fig tree, close to the end, and the time is running short.
' The sun is setting.
Do you understand?
He's calling out for the harvest of souls.
From what I see, you'll be so thankful that you have Trump in the days ahead.
You'll be so thankful.
This isn't about politics.
He says, 'A great shaking is coming.
You'll need great leaders, people to lead right, who don't have a reprobate mind.
' Pray over his mind.
The Lord says, 'Pray over his mind, that out of the mind of Christ he flows with the Holy Spirit, for he needs wisdom like Solomon.
' He needs wisdom for what's coming.
He needs wisdom to put good, righteous people around him who have godly counsel.
We take no counsel from the ungodly, and not anyone who is there just to exalt themselves and promote a platform.
We need people who are humble, even if a janitor has to come up and help him.
Because people are self-seeking; they want it because of the platform.
We need people around him who are not afraid to say the right things like Daniel.
You see, they say, "Hey, this is what the Spirit of the Lord says.
" Joseph, this is what the Spirit of the Lord says, that are accurate and not off.
We pray for those people.
We pray, we undergird this man.
No weapon formed against his grandkids, his wife, his children, Eric, Don Jr.
, and all the girls, Father—over Ivanka, and though I don't know the other name, we pray for Tiffany and Barron.
Father, we pray a hedge of protection around the children, around the grandchildren, and around Vice President Vance.
We pray protection around him, his wife, and his children.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
And over our senators.
Oh, and I do see Ted Cruz again.
We pray over Ted Cruz.
Now, I don't know why I keep seeing Ted Cruz, but there's something going on with his health, and we pray over his health.
We pray over Ted Cruz's health, even if he doesn't know it, and it's something in the future, you see, with his colon and his liver.
We pray over his liver and his colon.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
Ted Cruz is healed, whole, and well in Jesus' name.
Some people are starting to go home.
You will see some people start to go home.
They're not going to be here; they're stepping over.
But I'm not talking about politics right now.
I have to say that because I'm on this livestream talking to you.
The Lord said, "You need to make that clear, what you're saying.
" I said, "Okay.
" I'm seeing elders start to trend; they're going to start to go home more.
It's going to become more and more this.
And people say, "Well, of course, they're old.
" No, it's going to be evident.
You're going to see people start to go home.
And He's raising up new voices, new people, new platforms.
Oh, a passing, He said, a passing of the baton.
That's what He just said: a passing of the baton.
They say, "We're tired, we'll come home.
They're going to come home.
" And it gets to the younger ones.
There's impartation coming.
It's not a mean thing; this is a promotion.
People don't look at going home as a reward.
They're scared of death, because to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And that's what He's saying, that this isn't punishment.
They're getting promoted.
They're getting ready to go to their heavenly place.
It's beautiful.
Death isn't punishment; death is a reward when you've filled your life out.
For those who are in Christ, you're getting ready to go get rewarded.
That's not punishment.
People will say, "Well, they must have been judged.
" No, they've finished that race.
It's time for them to go home.
And the younger generation takes the baton.
It's promotion time, it's reward time.
That's what the Lord showed me.
He said, "People look at death as bad.
It's not.
It's promotion time for an eternity of blessing, of great rewards for what you've done for Me on this earth.
" I heard it again right then.
He said, "What you sowed all through your life, you'll reap it.
This is you're sowing seeds every single day for what you'll reap in eternity.
" This is sowing time.
We're sowing for eternity.
Yes, everything we do behind closed doors in secret, He rewards you openly.
The Lord said, "What you sow in secret, I reward you openly.
" This time right here that I have given you on the earth is how you get promoted in heaven, what I have for you on the other side—great blessings.
And for the thousand years, I'm sowing for the thousand years.
Yes, you can have this world all you want to—finances, whatever.
I want the thousand years.
What is on the other side and what you'll be doing?
I will not be a janitor on this side and that side.
Yes, no way!
Most people don't realize He said that they're sowing today for what they do for the thousand years.
How long is this going, son?
An hour and 50?
Two hours.
Isn't that interesting?
Every time I feel it, the Lord tells me, "You've been going long enough.
" I hear it, and we can close it up soon.
But we pray over our nation.
We pray over the Fourth of July.
We thank You, Lord, for the Fourth of July and the people.
Whatever this Macy's thing is, we pray protection over Macy's, over the Macy's parade—and Thanksgiving, but there was trees—we pray over the Macy's in the summer.
We pray over Macy's for the Fourth, we pray for Macy's over Washington, D.
C.
, we pray over Washington.
We pray over these areas, Father, and we thank You, Lord, that no terrorist attacks, no plots come nigh it in Jesus' name.
Everybody is in the right place at the right time, and any plots, any plans of the wicked are foiled.
I pray over Trump's towers, over his buildings, over his golf courses, over his areas of what he has, his family, what he owns.
We pray a protection around it in Jesus' name, that the security will be on heightened alert, and they are suspicious about everything.
They're looking around, making sure their eyes are peeled.
They know what's going on; they're not taking their job lightly.
They are very heightened in their job, taking it seriously.
This is very serious right now.
And we pray over every Trump Tower, all his buildings, hotels, his golf course, over Las Vegas.
We pray over Las Vegas and the people in the hotel rooms.
We pray over the strip of Las Vegas.
We pray over Denver.
We pray over Houston.
We pray over Dallas.
Father, we thank You, Lord, there's protection over Los Angeles, and over Seattle, and over Phoenix, Arizona, going all the way up to New York and Miami, and over all these areas of Detroit, over Chicago, and over these areas.
Father, we pray a hedge of protection around this nation.
Every plot, every plan of the wicked will be foiled in Jesus' name, and the Lord raises up a standard against it.
Everything the devil has meant for bad, it will come to naught in Jesus' name.
I pray over our railroads, over the barges in the Mississippi, over the major ships in the ocean.
I pray over the water supply, over our electric grid.
I pray against cyberattacks.
We come against cyberattacks in the name of Jesus, over our electric grid trying to get people too hot from not having electricity and dying from heat exhaustion.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
And even over this hurricane, we say we poke its eye out even before it starts.
You will not destroy Florida.
You will not destroy any of our coastline.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there is no hurricane, no weapon formed against this nation.
All around and over Europe, and the volcanoes and the things You're showing me about Italy, we pray.
And over the war with Putin and all that's going on with this, Father, let there not be an uprising and escalation of this; we call it down in Jesus' name.
And whatever is going on with this man in India and the vote, what's going on with this, Father, I thank You, Lord, that people make the right choices and the right decisions.
Father, You hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and then You softened it.
And Father, we may have a lot of Pharaohs in the land right now—from Xi Jinping to Kim Jong-un to all these people, from the man that's over Venezuela.
There's a lot of Pharaohs.
But Father, I thank You, Lord, that Pharaoh was nothing to the mighty name of Jesus, to El Elyon, the Most High God, Jehovah Jireh.
We pray a hedge around and about these nations.
And You told me a major revival was coming today; He said it when we were driving around.
He said, 'I'm going to visit Asia, and a mighty supernatural revival will take place in Asia, all over Asia.
' And he said, "I have not forgotten the people of Asia, and there will be," he said, "because they feel like they are the forgotten ones.
" And I saw so much oppression.
And he said, "Brandon, I'm bringing a great revival over Asia.
" And I saw a lot of witchcraft, mysticism, fortune-telling, and things.
And he said, "These people are...
I saw the people that were attracted to that.
" And he said, "I'm bringing the real, the authentic to these people: accurate prophets, accurate words that the people need to get.
" And I saw a major revival coming to Asia, and it's deflecting the glory to him.
It's all about Jesus.
Remember that we give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Hallelujah!
But a great revival is coming.
And I was praying over Africa today, and I was seeing over there, and I'm telling you all, a major harvest of souls like we've never seen before is coming.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love.
Hallelujah!
Lord, are you done today?
Are we done today?
Father, we give you praise, for Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom; trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, Heavenwe're bound.
My voice might crack here, but I'm going to hit...
I'm going to try.
And Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom; trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, Heavenwe're bound.
I love that he's coming.
If people truly realized how close he was—he's standing at the door and he's waiting for a great harvest of souls.
Great, great days are ahead for the body of Christ.
He once said, "Great days of fun, Brandon, great days of fun.
" Well, if you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior and you're watching this broadcast today, we want to lead you in a prayer.
We want you to get born again today.
If I did all this and didn't give an altar call right now and tell you that Jesus loves you and he has a plan for your life, I would miss it.
You must know, my friend, today.
You must be filled with the Spirit to overflowing.
It's time.
Stop running from Jesus and run to Jesus.
No, like I said—I told Diana all the time—no man is promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today, the undertaker might be taking them off on your way home.
You're trying to go home, and he's taking them off in the morgue.
We don't know.
But I'm telling you, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Either you're going to be present with the Lord or you're going to be in hell.
You say, "I don't believe that.
" Well, that doesn't change it.
The word is true.
Regardless of whether you believe it or not, the word is true.
And there's a price to pay.
If you don't accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you have a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
It's time to come home to Jesus today.
So, I'm going to lead you in a prayer.
And if you want to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
It's not all religious; I'm talking about a relationship.
You say, "Well, the church hurt me.
" I get it, I've been there.
I'm talking to you that is watching this broadcast right now, and you say it was not a coincidence that you're here.
You're just like, "I wanted to come see the big bald-headed guy and see what he sees next.
" But you came for more than that because Jesus Christ has a plan for your life.
And I want you to pray this prayer after me right now, and you pray with all your heart.
Say, "Jesus, I want you to be my Lord and personal Savior.
" And after you get done with this prayer, I want you to comment in this live chat and tell us, "I got born again tonight," okay?
We want to celebrate with you.
But let's do it right now, right?
Let's go to his throne room.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died on the cross and you rose again on the third day.
I believe, Lord, that you died for me, and I want to be saved.
I want you to write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Father, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I need you.
Cleanse me, make me new.
You said in your word, Lord, if I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I'm coming home.
I'm not running anymore.
I need you.
I'm a mess.
But Lord, take this mess and do whatever you can to fix it.
Make me new today.
" And he's going to make you new.
It's that easy.
"I believe.
Forgive me.
" That's it.
"I confess with my mouth.
I believe in my heart.
I'm saved.
" That's all you do.
Now, that's easy, huh?
He made it so easy even a child can do it.
"Father, forgive me.
I believe.
I need you.
" And serve him all the rest of the days of your life.
And that's what you do.
"I serve you, Lord.
" Now, find a Bible.
Go to church.
Tell the pastor there, say, "I was just watching this guy online and I need to be water baptized.
" You need to be water baptized.
Go get water baptized.
Tell everybody, "I got born again and I'm going to serve Jesus.
" Go to church, get baptized, volunteer there.
Find a Bible-believing church for real—a Bible-believing church.
Not just any church, a Bible-believing church.
And if you can't afford a Bible and you say, "Brandon, I don't have the money for a Bible," and you're telling me to get a Bible—Diana and I want to buy you a Bible today.
We're going to buy you one.
We'll send you one from Amazon for free.
We're not going to solicit you, we're not going to bother you, but you've got to email us.
Our email is in the description.
If you just put in the subject line of the email, "I can't afford a Bible," and then put your address, I will ship you one off of Amazon.
We'd love to help you, and we'll send it to you.
But we want to know down below if you just got born again, you gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Tell us down below.
We want to rejoice with you.
The angels in heaven are rejoicing with you.
Welcome to the family.
Come all the time and pray with us.
We do this all the time, and the Lord shows us what's coming.
We pray.
We're going to tell you what's coming in the news before it hits the news, folks.
That's what I believe.
Jesus brought us here.
He said, "Raise up a million-man and million-woman prayer army, and you'll pray and change things.
" Oh, the Lord said we can pray over the judge.
Let's pray this week the judge sides with the crypto, Judge Torres.
Father, we lift up Judge Torres before you.
And we thank you, Lord, right now...
Is it a female?
Yes, I believe so.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that her heart...
You said you harden the hearts and you soften the hearts.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that her heart is softened towards this and it gets done.
Satan, get your hands off of our finances.
Get off of it.
Crypto crashed big this week and you're raising your ugly head.
And we thank you, Lord, that things are going to turn around.
Lord, we pray a hedge of blessing over us, Father, that whatever we put our hands to will prosper.
And so, Father, I thank you that all blockages, the kinks in the hose will go away in Jesus' name.
And we call blessing and increase over every single one of y'all that are believing for increase in every area.
We establish this today.
The Lord said, "You'll want to push away tomorrow.
" But, Father, he'll use the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous in all areas.
And I'm believing that this is going to happen, that something supernatural is going to happen.
Now, if you don't believe that, that's fine.
But I believe it.
And I don't know what you want.
I'm not telling you what to do.
I'm just saying pray for these people.
Pray for these judges.
Pray for them.
Because we know that we don't wrestle against flesh and blood.
We wrestle against principalities working through personalities.
Yeah, that is what I'm trying to say.
People, you know, just like how the Lord uses us, the devil tries to use those people.
And I'm just saying, well, we're going to pray for them.
We bless them.
Bless them.
Bless those that persecute you.
We just need the outflow of the finances, for the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous, to get the job done because what I've seen coming even tonight, it's going to take money.
Those people in British Columbia are going to need it.
And I pray that doesn't happen, but I'm just saying, if it did, that's going to take a lot to rebuild that.
And I know it's the government, those people, but the government doesn't rescue the people, all the homes, people who lose stuff.
That's sad.
What I just saw was very bad, and I saw a lot of kids dying.
I saw a lot of people going home.
And that's why it touches me when you see human life that is lost in rubble and you see them buried in buildings and you go, "Oh no.
" When you get the heart of an intercessor and you start praying for things, you feel that and you go, "Oh, the shaking going through those areas.
" I saw all that.
And you say, "When, Brandon?
" I don't know yet.
I don't know.
It's something I see.
So, well, I appreciate you all being here today.
How many people are here?
62.
Wow, there's a lot of people still watching this.
That's like a big mega church all at one time.
Well, do they have any questions or anything?
I'll answer a couple of questions.
Maybe they're asking if you think it is this.
Yes, it's that man right there.
He has a green outfit on, just like I saw that man right there.
What's his name?
He has a beard, a white beard.
M-O-D-I, M-O-D-I.
Yeah, I don't know how to pronounce it, but yes, the man with the white beard.
That's him.
He had a green outfit on, just like that picture you're showing me, son.
It looked like a robe.
Yeah, try to find it.
He wears this a lot.
That man right there is going to make a decision concerning the UN.
There's something there.
And the Lord said, "That's why I was praying for him.
" I don't know what that's all about, but praying into that.
And then when I saw Putin tonight, the Lord said there were things that I saw that were bad.
And I said, "Don't say that out loud.
" And that's why I cover that.
Just keep praying for him, especially.
Yep, that's that man right there with the white beard.
See his white beard showing?
And who is that man?
Modi.
M-O-D.
What does he do?
Prime Minister, I think.
Yeah, okay.
Well, that's why he has to make a decision.
So we pray over this man because what he's going to...
I saw people standing for Israel, and I saw people standing against Israel.
A vote, a disarmament.
That's what I can go over now that I've stopped praying.
But I saw a disarmament, like they're going to come against what's going on with Iran, and votes against it.
Now, what could they do with that?
That's what I don't understand.
I'm not educated enough to know.
Can they actually do something?
What is that going to do?
I don't understand what kind of power they have to do that.
And you were saying war crimes in China.
Yeah, I heard allegations of war crimes, and then I saw China.
China and these people were saying "war crimes.
" They were crying out "war crimes" against Israel, against America, saying things like, "Listen, they shouldn't have done what they did.
" And an uprising of—it's not anti-Semitism, but it is—but it's up against anti-Israel stuff coming.
Great voices crying out.
And I saw UN meetings, people upset about this weekend.
Yeah, and the goats and the sheep.
Yeah, I saw goats and sheep.
The Lord said there's a blessing on the sheep and there's a curse on the goats.
And I was hearing blessing and cursing, blessing and cursing, and I saw that.
And then I saw the earthquakes, a lot of earthquakes.
And I saw Japan—I saw major earthquakes coming, major.
I saw volcanoes again coming, major volcanoes.
And then I was praying over that, and my main focus, the epicenter, was British Columbia.
Pray over British Columbia.
And I saw a great shaking in British Columbia.
Major buildings falling in British Columbia, and it went clear down.
And I saw Oakland, Oakland.
I saw—I heard that name shaking there, San Francisco, and it went all the way down to Los Angeles.
And then I saw in the middle of California, shaking all over.
I saw major shaking in California, earthquakes.
Oh, bridges falling, I saw bridges falling.
I'm actually talking about big bridges, like those highways that have the cement, and the bridges that you go in the air, the suspended ones.
Yeah, they were falling.
Those bridges like that, those suspended bridges like the ones you go on on the highway, they were falling.
Not all of it, but sections of it were on the ground, like falling out.
Sections of it in the air were falling on the ground.
I saw that, and I saw major houses being shaken.
And then what was interesting, when He said "from sea to sea to sea to sea," and I could see it, but there was shaking on the New Madrid, the—what's the one in the middle by the Mississippi?
The one by the Mississippi.
No, not the Golden Gate Bridge.
There's—I saw earthquakes by the Mississippi, right there by Missouri down there.
There were starting to be tremors there.
And that's what the Lord said, "Pray over this.
" But then I saw things with the sun, and that's why He was talking about the sun tonight.
And I saw shaking of the sun, explosions on the sun, major sun stuff, sun flares, major things.
And I saw fearful sights in the heavens.
Major fearful New Madrid, New Madrid, everybody's saying that.
Thank you, thank you, you helped us.
Shaking, but there wasn't a big earthquake on that New Madrid.
I saw shaking.
A fault line was becoming active, active.
I didn't see anything big, but I saw activity like five-fives, you know, fours, but it starts to wake up.
That's what I was seeing, it was waking up.
But the one out in California was bad, like 9.
0, like big.
The one in British Columbia was big, but it was involving the volcanoes and the thing in the water.
And the one that was happening in Japan was shaking, and I kept seeing Mount Fuji again.
I could see the top of that thing, and it was starting to look like it was coming alive.
There's something happening, major stuff.
But the Lord said, "Watch the sun.
" I saw things happening with the sun, shaking of the sun, and He said, "Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
" Thank you, Holy Spirit.
And an uprising, and that canal—not Panama, the one over there by Iran, all this stuff going on over there.
Yeah, the strait, there's a waterway there.
And that's what I was seeing right there.
And to pray over that because there are things in the days ahead—Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday—praying over this over the next week.
There's going to be disruptions there.
And the Lord said, "Pray over that.
" And I saw them being straightened out for praying over that.
This is Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, I saw these days ahead of it, praying over it.
The next week praying over that disruption and causing the oil prices, causing these things to go up in the economy.
But I'm talking about major, major oil is underneath these soils.
Big money.
So, I don't know.
I pray that blesses y'all there.
It's a lot of work.
I always feel so tired when I'm done.
I feel like I've run a marathon.
When I get done with these, I go, "Okay, I'm done.
I need to go rest now.
" But I pour everything into it.
This is in Oakland.
That bridge.
Oh, it's a big...
That's beautiful.
That's the Golden Gate Bridge.
Oh, it is?
Yeah.
So, all right.
Oh, and praying over the churches.
I saw more of it, but the Lord said to me, "If you're only praying over America's churches, you're missing it.
You're missing it.
" Oh, and pray over Australia.
Australia was highlighted to me.
And I saw attacks, lone wolf attacks coming to Australia, trying to be...
and I saw Queensland, Australia, it was highlighted.
It was the opera house, and I was seeing...
praying over this, praying over the churches in Australia, in Germany.
Yeah.
And I saw Germany, and the Lord was showing me Germany, but that was connected to Russia.
And then he said there's votes, and I saw the prime minister of Germany and the vote and coming against Israel having a stand in Europe, with these people saying, you know, if they're for him or against them.
But I saw the Lord kept telling me, "Pray over Berlin," and I could see Berlin.
I was praying over Berlin, and I was praying over Berlin.
I don't know why I was praying over Berlin, but I was praying over Berlin, and then there were things there with Ukraine.
So, I don't know.
Well, like I said, do they have any questions?
If not, I'm going to go.
It's 11 o'clock.
I've probably been on here a while.
What do they say?
Praying over Orlando, Disney.
Yes.
Praying over Orlando and Disney.
That was LA.
That was two videos ago or a video ago.
Lord showing me...
I'm not going to go into that now again, but over the staff.
I'll just say that.
Pray over the staff of Mickey Mouse.
Pray for the people who work in the park.
I don't know if they go through security checks or not, but if they weren't, and these people are high in that, praying over the people that are in the staff, the workers.
I don't know how, a well-thought-out plan in Anaheim and in Orlando, and praying over Universal, praying over that, and then a cover-up.
I could see money, money, summer months, summer months.
We can't say nothing because we don't want to scare people out, because they're in trouble financially.
I saw trouble in the finances concerning Disney.
Like they are desperate for tourists, desperate for people to come.
And if they have a disruption, it makes people scared and they even back off even more.
So it's like, "Oh, we've got to keep this underneath the rug.
" And I saw a sweeping of a rug pulling up, and I saw a sweeping of this trying to hush, hush, hush.
And I heard that word, hush, hush, hush.
We must be quiet.
Pray for the troops that guard our borders.
Yep.
And praying over them that they'll find these tunnels.
I saw major tunnels that went from...
that were secret, hidden things.
And it's more than just one.
People wanting to know how to practice hearing the Lord.
A couple of people, you practice his presence.
You know, when you're listening to the voice of the Lord, you practice it.
And how I used to do it was watching sports with him.
He would tell me about, like, the Thunder plays, and he'll tell me...
we'd talk about things and he'd tell me the score and he said, "this is what's coming" and I'd practice that.
And by practicing his presence, I'd just sit there and listen to him.
We'd just talk.
"Father, hey, how's your day today?
" When you get real with God, he'll get real with you.
I'm not religious.
Nothing's religious with me.
There's not a religious bone in my body.
I think religion is terrible.
Well, these thous and thuses, who cares about all that?
Stay grounded in the word.
Find the word.
Find scripture first.
And don't be trying to listen to voices.
That's for one.
Don't get all flaky and get off into weirdo land.
"Well, I'm listening for a voice.
" He's the still, small voice inside of you that's quiet.
He doesn't yell unless it's danger, I'm sure.
But most of the time, he's that still, small voice inside of you.
He's quiet.
And as you develop it and you practice it, he gets louder because you recognize it.
And you know what?
Just like how Diana is sitting right here, if I could put her on the other end of the house and you put a bunch of women talking, I could figure her voice out out of everybody in that room talking.
Just having a blindfold on, I could tell you where she's at.
I'd say, "Babe, just talk and all these women are going to talk.
" You'll have a hundred women in there and I'm just going to sit back, and if you just talk in a normal tone, I'm going to know my wife's voice.
Why?
Because I'm familiar with her.
It takes time.
Yeah, it takes time.
I know her because I'm around her all the time.
But I know Diana's voice.
And I say, "Yep, that's my baby right there.
She's over there.
She's right over here in this part right here.
" Why?
Because I'm familiar with her.
And the more you practice it, no matter how much is going on here, all these other voices, flesh, everything else, you're going to know the father's voice.
Uh-huh.
And it's like whenever my kids or even anybody coming down the hall, I'll know whose footsteps it is.
I can tell by the way they walk.
I can tell who's coming down the hall, if it's my husband or if it's which one of my children, I know exactly what it is.
And they don't even have to say a word.
And it's like even whenever you're in the bathroom or whatever or I'm in my room, when someone walks in, I won't even have to turn around and I know who it is.
Even if I don't hear their footsteps, my family, every individual has a presence.
So, I can tell if it's Braden, his presence, and they always tell me, "Dad, mom, that's scary.
How did you know it was me?
" And because they'll try to, you know, sneak in, you know, when I'm reading the Bible or something and I'm not even looking towards their direction and I'll go, "Hey, Braden.
Hey, Paisley.
" And I'll...
or whoever it is and they'll, "How did you know it was me?
" because I just know them.
I gave birth to them.
I'm married to him.
So, I just know who it is.
When you're in covenant with somebody, you know, when he comes in the room, I'm like, "Yeah, I was like, 'Hey,' but that's the same way it is with the Lord.
The more you...
you say, "Well, how do you know that's not the devil talking to you?
" Well, my goodness, the devil is a torment.
And he always comes as fear.
And he doesn't come...
he's not going to tell you first.
He's not going to tell you to read the Bible ever.
No.
And he's not going to tell you to tithe.
I can tell you that.
"I'm tempted to tithe.
" You know, it's the devil doing it.
He's telling me to give.
Is that the Lord telling me to do that?
No.
Well, I think so, cuz I can tell you this.
The devil ain't going to be telling you to do it.
No.
"I think the devil's tempting me to give.
" Get behind me, Satan.
So, you know, I'm not listening.
Yeah.
He wants me to go pray.
"I feel the urge to pray.
" Yeah.
"The devil's telling me to go pray.
" No, I'm just, you know, it's not funny.
But at the same time, people need to know God's not a god of confusion either.
God doesn't torment.
He leads with love and he leads with peace, and it's always that still small voice inside of you.
If you develop it, it gets lighter.
It's like being in tune.
It's the antenna on a radio.
It's real staticky, and you keep turning it in.
But the more you turn it in and you get it, and your antenna is up, the more you hear.
It's tuning it in, and it takes time.
Yeah, it's not a microwave.
No, it's practicing every day.
And you'll get it wrong, and you'll miss it so big.
And I've done it, and you go, 'Ah.
' But you just keep going.
Don't let that beat you up.
People go, 'Wow, you are false.
You missed it.
You did that.
' Well, you know what?
If you did, you messed up.
Who is who?
I'm going to tell you this.
We hear bits and pieces of every prophetic voice in the Bible.
But I'm going to tell you this.
Some of those people lived to 100 years old or whatever, right?
We don't know all their story of all the times they may have missed it.
We don't know.
But people are people.
They're human, and every single one of them was human.
So we only get a highlight of just a little bit of a part of their life.
We don't know the whole story until we get to heaven and meet Joshua or any of these others, or David, or even Jesus.
We get a little glimpse of something.
Yeah, Haggai, Haggai.
Well, I know I mentioned prophets and then I mentioned David, but I'm just saying out of any character in the Bible.
But out of the prophets like Jeremiah or whoever, you get a glimpse of something, but you don't know the whole story.
What happened to Jonah, right?
We hear one little thing about Jonah and he disappears.
What happened to him?
Was that the end of his story?
Was that the end of his days?
Did he just die after that?
I don't know, it doesn't say.
But all we know is we got a little glimpse of something, and we go, 'Well, that wasn't the whole thing.
We know he got ticked off and went on a boat and didn't want to, and the fish ate him.
' And, well, that was cool.
Then he repented and did what he was supposed to do, and then he got mad at God for saving him.
But look at that, seriously, and we go, 'What is that?
' But we saw it, and it's like, 'Well, that's a cool story, but there was a lot more to his life.
' I'm sure he prophesied a lot more than that.
You know, it's like the highlight.
I don't believe Jonah was a one-hit wonder.
No, I believe there was a lot more to his story, but we never heard about it, or any of these others.
It's going to be fun to meet them in heaven and hear their whole story.
We just got a glimpse into their life in this beautiful book because, I'm going to tell you this, if I did a book on my life, you'd probably read it for several days because it would be a big book, and that's the way it is.
But some people just—I don't think they think that way.
I'm like, 'Man, the disciples, there's a big book there of each one of them.
' I want to hear about Peter's life.
I want to know about Matthew's life.
Tell us more than just what the Bible says.
This is highlights.
It's like going through somebody's Facebook, their Instagram reel.
Their Instagram reel.
You go, 'Oh, there's the highlights.
' But that's really, that's really a no-brainer right there.
I'm like, 'No, it's not.
It's just my Facebook.
' Yeah, I don't know.
It's just me trying to be real with y'all.
I know.
But I'm just saying, I think we just got to be—what I'm trying to say with all that is, we don't beat ourselves up if we miss it.
You just keep on keeping on.
We are a work in progress.
Yes, everybody's a work in progress, and we walk in love, and we just say, 'Hey, man, we just don't know.
' So, I don't know, I bless y'all.
I appreciate you being here tonight.
Did they enjoy it?
Did they have any other questions?
I hope I answered that well enough.
I don't know, that's just me.
I just practice it.
And it was with sports or weather.
I told you that I pray about the weather, and He'd tell me, 'There's storms coming on this day, and you're going to get this much rain.
' But you're really into the weather.
I love the weather.
He's really into sports.
So it's personal.
He's a personal God.
He's personal to us.
He made us.
He knows what we like, and we're made in His image.
So your interests may be different, and He meets you where you're at.
It says, 'Ask, seek, and find...
knock and the door will be opened to you.
Seek and you shall find.
' And I believe as we do that, yeah, wherever.
You may be into cars, you may be into baking, you may be into reading books, you may be into doing gardening.
And He'll talk to you about the tomato, when the best time to plant it, or how, 'Hey, if you do this...
' Remember George Washington Carver, one of my favorites, George Washington.
I encourage you, 'The Man Who Talks with the Flowers,' go get that book.
If you've never read that book, oh my gosh, I love George Washington Carver.
But he was gifted in hearing the Lord about when to plant the peanut, and the Lord would speak to him about peanuts, and about the cotton and everything, and certain clays, and his testimony is beautiful.
But his thing was finding out ways to do things with peanuts.
And I was like, 'Isn't that amazing?
' But he woke up every day and talked to the Great Creator at 4:00 in the morning and spent time with Him.
It's spending time with Him.
Most people—'Well, I don't know, He never talks back.
' No, no, no, be quiet.
We ratchet-jaw too much.
Be quiet and listen.
'Well, that's my imagination.
' Practice.
'Father, I thank You.
' Let me sing You a song.
'Let me sing You a song today.
What song would You like to hear?
' You might hear inside of yourself, 'Amazing Grace.
' 'Well, I'm going to sing Amazing Grace.
' And you get done.
'Well, try this one.
' But I'm practicing, and then you'll feel the presence of the Lord come, and you'll go, 'Oh, He liked that.
That's a good one.
All right, let's sing something else to Him.
' I don't know, and I'm telling you all, I don't know a lot of the words, and I'm just trying to sing songs.
They go, 'Well, you know, we make a joyful noise unto the Lord.
' I try to find the song words.
I told her, I said, 'Would you look it up?
' She goes—I was like, 'Hold on.
' She goes, 'Brandon, yes, the Lord always...
' 'Hold on, Lord, I've got to find the words,' and it interrupts the flow, you know.
So I do what I can to sing to Him, but He just loves it.
It's from your heart.
That's all that matters.
'Make a joyful noise unto the Lord.
' Even if you make up the words, just sing to Him.
Still honor Him.
Yeah, love on Him.
Give Him a birthday present.
You know, bake Him a cake.
Yes, do stuff that's personal.
'Let me get You a present.
' He knows what's behind the box, but you wrap it up anyway.
Say, 'I bought You a present today.
' I got You an ice cream today.
I don't know.
'I'll eat mine and I'll eat Yours, too.
I hope You don't mind.
' Oh my goodness.
But since You're dwelling on the inside of me, I think we can share.
Hot fudge sundae for you and half a sundae for me, Lord.
Oh my, I'm good.
You like cinnamon rolls, so do I.
Oh no.
I don't know you, I just try to be real with Jesus, don't you?
It's good.
And that's what I think.
If people just stop being so religious and look at Him as a God that I want to talk to and just be friends with Him, say, 'You know what?
My day really sucked today.
' I'm just being real with y'all.
And that's probably not a good word to use, but that's what I say.
'God, I hated this day.
I want You to help me out.
' He knows your heart and what you're thinking anyway.
You ain't hiding nothing from Him.
So when you get real with God, He's got to get real with you.
And most people try to be all, 'Oh Lord, I don't want to let You know that I'm thinking this bad thought and I'm angry.
' He already knows you're thinking it.
Just be real with Him.
'Father,' because He knows what you're thinking before you're going to think it.
And He knows what you're going to say before you're going to say it, and there are no surprises.
'Well, I had a bad word today and I shouldn't have said it, you know.
' Well, He knew it.
Ask Him for help.
Just say, 'Father, help me.
I'm having struggles in this area.
Help me not do this.
' Don't try to hide it from Him.
When you sin and you repent about it, it's not when He found out about it.
No, it's when you got rid of it.
When you repented, it's not when God found out about it.
No, He says, 'Well, shocker.
' Did you know He did that?
Jesus, you know, He's looking at him.
Yeah.
Seriously, He's making intercession for us.
And the more you become real with Him and say, 'Father, I just love You.
And You know, I'm mad.
You know, I shouldn't have said that.
Help me.
Help me, Holy Spirit.
' And He's there.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need, and He's up there going, 'I know, Brandon.
' I'm telling you, that's how real I am with Him.
I walk around just talking to Him.
And you get all flaky.
People are going to say, 'Well, you know, you can't take communion unworthily.
You're going to be damned to hell forever.
' And I'm like, 'No, this is real to me.
He is real to me.
' And that's when I've prayed for people and they get healed, I'm expecting it.
When you pray for dogs and they get up from the dead, and He says, 'Brandon, I'm working with you.
I'm growing you.
Things are happening.
' Well, you see angels like I was talking about earlier at the beginning of this.
It's important.
Not everybody is going to see; I get that sometimes, you know.
I'm walking around expecting it, but it's not my point of praying.
I want a relationship with Him.
And if He doesn't share anything with me that way in the car or whatever, it's fine.
I just talk to Him.
But if He does, I'm like, 'Hey, that was cool.
That was icing on the cake.
' You know, you don't seek His hand; we seek His heart.
Yeah, we seek His face.
We seek His heart.
I'm looking for Him.
'Where are You at, Lord, in all this, with all the stuff going on with Israel right now and all this stuff going on in the world, with all these warnings You're giving me?
Where, Father?
' I thank You, Lord.
Let's just be real.
Somebody said, 'Jesus knows how dumb we are.
' Yes.
Yes, He does.
He knows.
Marshall, that was funny.
Marshall, thanks, Marshall.
Yeah, He does.
He knows.
Anybody else say anything?
'I made a post for God for Father's Day and told Him, Happy Father's Day.
' That's precious.
Yes.
Happy Father's Day, Father.
He's the ultimate Father.
If anybody deserves a happy Father's Day, it's Him.
He puts up with all our messes.
He's like, 'Oh gosh.
' Oh, somebody wants to pray for the hidden truths in Mel Gibson.
Yeah.
Father, we thank You for Mel Gibson, that You continue to bless him.
Father, that he'll make this movie and everything is going to be all right with him.
Father, this movie is going to be over the top.
Whatever he needs, Father, I thank You that he lacks no good thing.
Father, You protect him.
You guide his mind.
Father, I thank You, Holy Spirit, You speak to him and You show him what he's supposed to do and how the actors that are there, that they rise up and be with him.
Father, that they would say, 'Hey, I want to be a part of it.
' Good actors, not people that you go, 'Oh, they shouldn't have been in the movie.
' I'm talking about good actors with good talent, great talent.
I thank You, Father, for supernatural wisdom on how to direct this film and the funding to get it done, and that many lives will be saved because of it.
And the truths are exposed.
I'm already believing that.
Yeah, the truths are coming.
I'm believing we're going to see those on the news, y'all.
I saw it today.
I'll tell you some of that; it was kind of private to us.
But walking in the glory of the Lord in these latter days, I saw that the Lord was telling me.
He said, 'Brandon, this should not be abnormal.
It should be the norm.
Hearing Me should not be like your shock and awe.
We should hear Him all the time.
' He talks and we should develop it.
Step into the river.
And I saw the healings coming.
I saw the manifestations of the healings and the demonstrations of what the Lord is about to do.
And I was praying for Asia again.
And I'm telling you, man, we have some amazing days ahead.
Amazing days ahead.
I'm excited.
I don't know if y'all are, but I'm anticipating that we don't have church as usual; we have church unusual.
Yes!
People will go, 'That church service was awesome.
You know, the glory of the Lord is so strong in there.
' We were just like out in the Holy Ghost and just rolling around or whatever, I don't know, just the presence of the Lord.
You're just enjoying His presence.
Yes.
You know, it's time to get excited about what God is going to do in these last days.
Instead of being a Debbie Downer, I'm just like, I'm not going to be a Debbie Downer.
We're going to be excited about what Jesus is doing.
I don't know how many people are on right now.
Are y'all watching in America, or are y'all watching in Europe right now, or in Australia?
What time zone is it right now?
I know it's here in the evening, almost Monday.
We're almost to Monday.
Is there a lot of people?
Florida, California, Korea, Wichita, Kansas, San Francisco, Canada, Australia, Hong Kong.
What do they say about September?
I saw that right there.
What's in September?
This is what's interesting about September.
I saw it highlighted.
Okay.
So, the whole...
It was like a calendar, you know, like one of those big calendars that you get in an Office Depot or whatever, and it's a big paper calendar.
I saw each of the squares.
It was really bold with black.
And then I saw about Rosh Hashanah down there, and I saw it highlighted.
Okay.
But during this thing, it was circled with a big circle around September.
And then there was dust, like some kind of dust.
Like when you see a dust storm or sandstorm, that's what was on top of all the numbers in the calendar spaces.
It was like a brown sandy dust was all over it.
And I don't know what that means, but the Lord highlighted it.
He said, 'Watch September,' and He circled it.
And I was like, 'Well, that's interesting.
' And that was the same time He said, 'Watch the 14th to the 6th of July.
' And I said, 'Okay.
' And He said, 'But this is what I think is interesting, too, okay?
' And my son, we talked about this this morning.
He said, 'Remember what I said?
Pearl Harbor attack.
' Pearl Harbor.
He said, 'Go back and look at the history.
When did that happen?
They were not anticipating; they were not expecting it.
When are people not alert and expecting things, right?
' So He said, 'You have to go back, right?
' Right now, everybody is on heightened alert, expecting a retaliation from Iran for what we did last night, right?
So everybody is like, 'We're really watching.
' Heightened alert and security.
We're in a Defcon 5 or whatever.
You know, everybody's really, really heightened right now.
But the Lord said, 'Watch when no one is watching.
' And He said, 'Remember Timothy McVeigh?
' And I said, 'Remember Timothy McVeigh?
' And then He said to me, 'You're looking at the major cities, the major ten, but watch the smaller ones, like Omaha, Nebraska.
' And I said, 'Omaha, Nebraska.
' And so I looked at the population, had him do it, and there's not even a million people there.
I mean, Tulsa is bigger than Omaha, Nebraska.
So he was showing me that just because it's a major city like Las Vegas, people are focused on Phoenix, Arizona, Houston, and Los Angeles—these big ones—but it was about the small ones, like Oklahoma City is a small city.
It's smaller than Tulsa from what I understand, right?
So you're focused on these big ones, and the Lord is showing me that the lone wolf attacks are in the small places.
Pray over this.
This is what we're praying for: praying against lone wolf attacks, organized ones, but Pearl Harbor events from the enemy within, a Red Dawn experience.
And that's what I was praying over because most people are going, 'Well, you know, we're all the way through the sixth.
' Yes, we're praying over the Fourth of July.
Major deal.
Praying over that.
But it's about other things when you're least expecting it.
It's like Pearl Harbor.
And so I don't want to always emphasize that right now, for the next two weeks, is the heat of the thing.
Yes, that was highlighted, but there's more to it because the Lord brought it up to me again in prayer.
Don't forget about Pearl Harbor stuff.
Don't forget to pray over your nation when people are not heightened, when they're not expecting it, they're not on alert.
Well, I guess they forgot about it.
Just like when you say, 'Well, Iran, they must have forgiven and forgotten.
' They don't care.
I don't know, sounds stupid, but you know what?
That's water under the bridge.
Whenever you least expect is when you get your toe smashed.
And that's why I was talking about boxcars.
I saw these trains, I saw those vans, I keep seeing the vans, I keep seeing the trucks with massive amounts of fertilizer, and praying over that, praying over the ships and things like that, praying over just protection over our nation.
It's not a 'one and done'—'one and done, it's over.
' No, it's continually dipping in the river, protecting.
That's why I say we take our seat every day, praying over, listening to Him every day because most people go, 'Well, you know, I'm going back into my relaxed zone.
' Right now, everybody's heightened because we did it last night, and I told you it was coming on Saturday, just like the Lord said.
Now He's saying, 'Pray over these time frames.
' And I'm seeing about the Strait of the Strait thing, this praying over Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Pray over these days, like tomorrow, the next day, the next day, the next day.
I see it on a calendar.
Pray over these time frames.
And so, okay, I don't know about that, what's going to happen with that, if they're going to try to raise their head up and say, 'We're going to not let any ships out, and we're going to cause oil to crash, and oil might go up because we're not going to allow it, and the gas prices.
' What I'm talking about is major gas wars and all this stuff.
So I don't know, we'll see.
I'm just telling you, I hear in part, I see in part.
I don't have everything perfect.
I just do my best and I pray.
What happened?
No, oops, sorry.
What's wrong?
I don't know.
Gray ash on the East Coast, the gray ash.
I still don't know.
Do you know Braden went back and he looked at how many times I've seen that gray ash in our personal files of what I've seen?
I have seen this many times, and the Lord tells me to watch about this gray—it's a gray substance, and it looks thick like jelly, thick like stuff.
It's bad, and it's on the states and they're all outlined.
I see this gray blob; it's like gray-looking jelly stuff.
It looks like soot.
But even when I told everybody, I saw a nuclear explosion happening up north around Pennsylvania, and I didn't remember the Lord spoke to me about that, and it was a mushroom cloud.
And after that, I saw the gray stuff, and everybody's like, 'Oh.
' And he brought it up.
He said—because he goes through my archives—he said, 'Dad, do you remember giving this word?
' And I said, 'No, I don't remember that.
' I saw the two hotels, and they had Trump's name on them, and they exploded from the inside out.
I saw that, and it was in the Chicago area, and the Lord said, 'Pray over this.
Pray over his headquarters of his businesses.
' And so I just get this stuff and I pray for him.
I respect him.
You know, wasn't it amazing, you all, when he said, 'God, we love you'?
Wasn't that awesome?
I don't know about you, but it gave me goosebumps because it was from the heart.
You could see he was holding back emotion with that, like, 'Lord, thank you for protecting our troops.
Thank you for protecting us.
And God, we love you.
' It was a vulnerable moment.
It was a beautiful moment.
Yeah, you can't fake that.
And I was like, 'Oh, God, we love you.
' I said, 'Thank you, Lord.
I get that.
I get it.
' So, I think Christians United for Israel is this week or something at the White House.
I think there's actually an event there.
So, we pray over that, from what I heard Sister Billie talking about, that they're actually having an event in Washington, D.
C.
this week.
The Christians are going and praying with the Hagees, John Hagee.
So, that's pretty cool.
A lot of neat stuff happened with that.
I don't know if that's a yearly thing or whatever, but I love John Hagee.
I like to listen to him talk about teaching on Revelation.
It's pretty neat.
There's not a lot of people that teach like that.
It's just kind of over my head.
You know, sometimes when I listen to Perry Stone or whoever, I just go, 'Wow, that's so over my head.
' He talks real fast, and I try to understand what he's saying.
He is really brilliant, you know?
And when you're listening to him, I'm going, 'Ah, I'm just real simple.
' And so I just go, 'Come on, man, can you talk like a kindergartner here?
He's talking a different language.
' So I like to listen to people that...
I say, 'I don't get it, sorry.
' But Sister Billie tries to help me.
I listen to her stuff and I get okay.
I've listened to a lot of Charles Capps and Hilton Sutton and stuff like that about the end times, and there's not a lot of people who teach it that make it where you can understand it.
But John Hagee does.
No, John Hagee does for me.
I like it.
I go, 'Yeah, that book is...
wow.
' Sorry, I was reading your little chat.
That's actually really entertaining.
You could be on there watching that for hours, couldn't you?
That thing is moving.
Sometimes it goes really fast.
Oh, it was moving very fast when you asked them questions or something, or where they were from.
It was going very fast.
So, they're all over the place.
A lot of Americans around here.
Yeah, I asked them.
76% are from America.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, only a thousand people, 1,300 voted.
What is that?
Population is 5,000.
What?
My population is 5,000.
All right.
Well, I don't, like I said, I don't want to bore y'all.
We could talk and just hang out with y'all, but I know everybody's trying to probably get ready for bed and try to do stuff, especially here in America.
So, God bless you all.
Remember, we did the altar call.
I appreciate everybody.
I'm excited for everybody who got born again.
Thank you for praying with us.
Thank you for doing this livestream with us.
I wasn't going to do it tonight, and I told Diana, I said, 'But I feel an urgency to pray.
' And so I'm glad we did.
I feel like we did.
We did it.
We worked it out.
We got it done.
God is so good.
So, we love you all.
Thank you for being kind.
And like I said, we had some people try to film us—we were in a store and they tried to film us, and they were being rude.
I asked them not to do it, and they kept trying to film my family.
If you see us in public, just be polite and I'll take a picture with you, but please don't film my children.
Don't film my children.
That's very abrasive whenever I don't want my little girl on the internet and I don't know what you're going to do with that.
And it comes across as very aggressive.
And I hate to bring this up, and I'm not on a rant, and I'm not asking you, I'm just asking you to be polite.
I know I'm not...
I don't feel like a celebrity, but people act like we are and you follow us around with a camera being weird.
It's creepy, okay?
And it makes me want to be aggressive towards you.
So I just want to say I walk in love towards you, but there's part of me that is like, why are you doing that after I ask you not to?
So, please, please, if you want a picture with us and you see us in public or whatever, all you have to do is be polite.
Say, "Hey, can I have a picture with you?
" I'll be like, "Cool, whatever," you know, and I'll pray for you.
But don't be weird and hold the camera up and try to film my little girl.
All right?
There's nothing legally I can do to you unless you touch me, and I'll knock you on your rear.
But I'm just talking to...
just walking in love with you.
Just be polite with that kind of stuff, you know.
It happened yesterday and I'm just saying people get kind of weird.
Yeah.
I just felt like I should say that if you're watching, just walk in love.
We just have to be cool and I'll talk to you in church and be nice to you.
I'm not trying to...
I'm telling y'all, I'm just Brandon, but I like my space with my kids, you know.
So, all right.
Well, we love you.
Oh, we love you.
We truly do.
We do.
"What's wrong with people?
" Somebody said, "What's wrong with people?
" I don't know.
But even after we told him to stop, his son got his camera out and both of them were filming us at the same time like paparazzi.
And I was like, "What are you doing?
" And they thought...
and they're sitting out in their car and they're filming us from their window and I'm like, "Are they trying to be perverts?
I mean, what are they doing?
" I mean, these people are weird.
I'm like, "What are they doing?
" And they kept...
and I said, "Stop.
Stop.
" Like that.
And they just kept doing it.
I said, "Do you want a picture of me?
" I'm like, "Seriously, do I have a booger in my nose?
" I mean, what is it?
I still don't get it.
And I said, "Please don't do that.
" And they kept doing it.
Yeah.
Somebody said, "Don't be weird, guys.
" Yeah.
Don't be weird.
Hey, but we're cool.
You know, I just want to tell y'all we love you.
Thank you.
You know, is it cool?
I don't know.
I shouldn't have brought that up, I'm sure.
But I'm just like, you know, it is on my heart.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
And tell us, do you like doing these?
Yeah.
Do they like doing these?
Because I'll do them more.
I mean, praying with y'all live.
I mean, I could set a schedule and do it once or twice a week and we could pray.
I thought about getting a building, you know, and doing like a real thing, like a headquarters, you know, like praying together in a building.
Yeah, you know, and you come, but you know, I'm just not there yet.
I don't know how I would do that.
I thought, but this is live and it may be something we could do.
I don't even know who would even show up, you know.
Would they even want to, you know?
I thought, you know, I don't know.
I know that we can pray together and I know...
I see them saying yes.
Yes.
What?
Some are saying...
they're saying yes to everything.
Everything you've said.
Yes to lives, yes to the building thing, but I thought about getting like a little...
corner, like a building with, you know, put like three or 400 seats in it and see who shows up, you know, want to come and get prayed for.
I don't know.
Okay.
Well, if you all think about it, I mean, like I said, I was praying about a little building or whatever and getting some chairs and praying if people want to pray live.
But we'll do this right now.
And I want to see if you could see my hand through it.
Can you see that?
Oh, that would be so cool.
Diana, come on.
I was just curious.
You kids, it'd be like sticking your hand behind my head and saying, "Can you see your head?
" because my head's hollow.
Was that dumb?
Can you see my hand?
I just wondered.
I was just curious.
Stick my finger in your ear and see if I can see the other side.
How green screens work.
That sounded dumb.
Probably y'all are going to laugh.
No.
Got burnt.
What?
They're all laughing at me.
Well, okay.
Well, so you'll just like doing these lives.
So, I think maybe if we do it, if we do it like on Wednesday evenings after we get home from church, or we could do it like on a Tuesday or we could...
I don't know about doing it every day.
It takes a lot out of me.
It really does.
I have to fill myself back up and I do not want to pray on empty, and if I do, I have to take time and we still got to work.
So I tried to tell D, I said, "Well, Sundays have been good, so I don't know.
I thought about doing Saturday nights or whatever, but being here for so long...
there's so many different time zones and people come and go.
" So it's like I don't know.
Like earlier we had almost 7,000 people over here, right?
And now we had 3,000.
Now there's 5,000 again.
So it's like, you know, I don't know.
I want to be effective, but if I told everybody to show up at a certain time and said, "Hey, we're going to do prayer at like 7 o'clock Central time," you know, maybe everybody would show up at once and we'd have a lot of people here at one time, you know.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm just trying to learn.
But Braden does the editing and we do it all together.
And I have to edit sometimes.
Yeah.
He's excited because he doesn't have to work to edit all this.
It's a lot of work for him.
He takes hours and hours editing these videos and going through things trying to see prophecies fulfilled or words fulfilled or whatever.
And he goes, "Oh," and he listens to each one.
And they're all saying once a week is great.
He goes on there and he says, "Daddy," he goes, "I remember this word.
Do you remember it?
" And I said, "I don't remember because there's so many things the Lord gives me and we have to keep count of it.
" Yeah.
There's no...
it's not humanly possible to remember all of it.
But once I tell you, you remember.
Yeah.
I remember and I can even tell you what I was...
after he tells me, it comes so fresh up inside of me.
I can see it again and it's like a fragrance.
It's really cool actually how the Holy Spirit does that because I can even see the vision again and I go back into it and I go, "Ah, I remember it.
I remember the colors.
I remember everything.
" And it's become, like I said, it's developed so much now when I can...
when I'm telling you I'm seeing something.
Like Diana, you know, I forget you don't see it.
But there's so much detail to everything he shows me, from the earthquake when I was...
whenever it hit me and I was interceding for that.
I could see the dead people.
I could see the smoke rising from the fires that it causes.
I could see the rubble.
I could see the building and the glass exploding as it was rocking and falling.
There was so much in that vision when I was in it.
And it was so real.
And then whenever I'm interceding that way, and that's whenever...
whenever I go and I'm seeing Mount Fuji, I could see the snow on it.
I could see the smoke rising from it.
I could see the land splitting, and when I'm in the Strait of Hormuz or whatever it is, or the man with the gray beard just a minute ago, I could see him and I could see him at the UN.
I could see people, not him at the UN, but just being upset about things and trying to vote against Israel and coming against things, and I could see this stuff.
It's so real and vivid, and I go, 'Wow.
' You know, like you're watching a movie, and when my eyes are open, I can see it.
It's really cool, actually.
Yeah.
So, well, God bless you all.
I've told you to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you.
We love you.
We'll see you again next time.
Okay.
We'll put it in the thingy, or whatever, in the thing.
This is when we're going to do it next live.
Be here or be square on the community post, right?
Bye.